I got this so what's up you guys Brandon
here and phase drug phase drug is here
I'm healing my brother and it's actually
story time
but not with me alone me and my brother
I told you that that I was trying to
instead of telling my stories just
myself if my story involved someone else
and now try to get them in it and what
better person to have here then phase
run everybody loves him and I could see
why I mean great guy wait thank you oh
good we're talking a story of how I I
literally shattered broke not only
Brian's brain but I shot it
framed glass picture on Brian's head you
guys wonder why I'm so stupid now
because of this incident doesn't wonder
why my brother is literally the dumbest
on this earth with all because of this I
take the blame so we'll tell you guys a
quick background really quick I'm sure
we mentioned this in a video before like
briefly but we haven't gone into it and
today is going to be getting into an in
detail so me and my brother were we're
pretty big wrestling fans WWE bigger
fucking he was resolute present yeah who
wasn't you know edge Undertaker
Johnson all all those and so uh we were
inspired we were like we were fucking we
would watch it would be like like we got
to do this so we would set up cameras we
would like put my mattress on the floor
no we would do this we would take Barnes
mattress flip it down the balcony I'm
gonna show them what I'm talking about
we have to hide this from my mom but
yeah we wouldn't let us do my mom would
go get her hair done or go get her nails
done and we were like okay time to do
this so we would get Bryan's mattress
and move those two tables we would flip
the mattress over from here habit land
and then walk downstairs and do our
little wrestling matches and then walk
the mattress back up
we would Kade honors hey Bosley if we
had Bosley at that time you would have
carried the mattress for us but we
didn't so so yeah we would do that and
what we would do we wouldn't just
wrestle we would record record videos
and um I wish we still have this video
about the story that I'm about to tell
but we don't I'm not sure where did you
record them on like a Mac computer yeah
like we just have them on the Mechelen
that's wrong gone now but remember we
used to play like their theme songs and
we used to like imitate their intro you
were like we were gay we had like um W
championship belt I'm like what's the
other one world heavyweight world
heavyweight like all of us though WWE
Divas Championship though Alice Fallon
no that was mine but okay so point is
yeah we were huge wrestling fans and we
would make videos and we would just act
like we were actual wrestling and stuff
and one time we were doing a match in my
room and like you know we were starting
with the you know they get on their
stuff started but then it gets more
intense and I think this was a
no-holds-barred man yes not you know
what it was I was like we can do any you
could use anything you can leave the
ring there's no 10-second count you can
use items and hanging okay I'm not gonna
lie it wasn't the size of that little
store was a little smaller it was bigger
than this but smaller than that it was
hanging right here like where my TV was
Brian the son's games back on we gotta
tell the story fast hanging right here
was a framed photo a glass frame photo
of a shark tail poster you know shark
tail the movie
Brian would never forget this movie
anymore I know I spotted him so you know
no holds barred
I kind of have Brian Busey he's kind of
like this I pick up the shark tail
framed photos and I don't know what went
through my head out my young we were
like a literally were like 13 or 12 over
13 I picked up a shark shell frame up
and with all my power Brian Mike turns
around
smash the business head I didn't think
the glass would break I didn't think
that I do not think that because well
first of all we got it from Mexico when
we went on a cruise so maybe that's why
the glass wasn't too uh
you got it from like a swap meet but so
like I hit it off bronze head and the
glass shatters like all over the place
and and bride's like like what the fuck
and I'm just like I passed out and
fainted in an eye on something that's
what should have happened for something
even hacked for some reason Brian didn't
bleed he didn't um he didn't die like
obviously he's still here surprisingly
it was like if we still had that video
right now it would go viral
it would go viral we'll buy millions and
millions upon millions of views I
literally smashed it on a head and glass
everywhere and we're just like and like
the first thing we thought of was well
how the hell'd bro know first we thought
how the hell Brian was alive but then
that didn't really matter what matters
didn't matter my mom was about to come
home and see all the glass because she
hated wrestling because we would get
ideas and like we would get all of our
you're just scared that like we'd hit
our head somewhere la yeah or we would
like to get our little cousins into it
and they would get hurt we did get them
into it
yeah they were into it as much but
that's what happened with the
short-tailed poster and I'm pretty sure
Brian still has bumps and bruises on his
head which is why I'm so stupid now yeah
that's are you so stupid and honestly
when I hit him with a shark tail like I
could have swore to I saw the birds
flying around his head and a big you
know the penis that comes out of the
head when you did hit from Tom sorry
I'm pretty sure that she came out of
Brian's head but that's our Shark Tale
fortune there's one more funny thing
that happened and find this son we did
get caught by my mom because we didn't
know how to get rid of this um you guys
know mankind how he its heat only the
bag of nails right I'd shake some meals
on the floor oh my god this is so funny
so me I was pretending to be mankind god
I was so stupid my books stupid holy
shit but we were kids so like yeah but
still we weren't at that age to be
acting this retarded so we had a bag of
tangerines like oranges and you know
when tangerines get kinda old they have
like green spots or they don't even have
to be old like some oranges have legit
like green spots on that so I was
pretending to be mankind and you know
I'm about to spill the nails on the
floor and I cope and the backups II had
dreams and spill them on the floor and
I'm about to like I don't know what he
does chokeslam Brian onto it or
something and we look at the floor that
will give them a demonstration at the
end of the video but I look at the floor
there's the green spots that were on the
oranges printed on the carpet all over
white of the stain still there about no
we've got the carpet cleaner like 80
times since then so they got its knob
but this one we couldn't get rid of so
my mom came home and we just had to tell
what did we tell her I don't remember
but I don't think she caught us
wrestling she probably just thought we
were dumbasses because who does that
like oh no but those are two pretty
funny stories that happen while me and
Brian were on wrestling I swear I wish
we still have the video and I had them
recorded you want we could do a
demonstration I'll use the Steve Nash
yeah right now if you want to yeah let's
do it
no but really I'll demonstrate one
chokeslam for them my brother is so
caring's so after this chokeslam it's
back to the Phoenix Suns game from me
okay we just wait leave all the remotes
and controller on the bed no knowledge I
feel better in tennis okay so okay so I
get up woozy hold on let's see if I
still have it in me so I'm down and I
freaking get her I turn in wait let me
wait wait wait let me get a little
but in their head there you go and watch
out for this watch out for the ceiling
fan we don't want another I do this okay
oh I do that don't do that I grabbed
that I grabbed my boxers for the impact
okay what if I got the weighted out that
minute passed out and died if Brian
doesn't make videos oh my gosh Alex Len
Brian doesn't make any videos soon that
you guys know why um
yeah guys the one good thing about the
son's game before we end this video it's
the middle of the third quarter Markieff
Morris has not even seen one minute of
court time and nope he's not injured the
coach has just fucking had enough of him
and rightfully so
fuck Markieff good board PJ you guys
know this angle for my reactions but uh
um okay I hope you guys enjoy yes very
nice for three hey I hope you guys
enjoyed that story I like I'd rather
tell stories with other people honestly
like if they were involved in the story
um sorry I hope you guys enjoyed that
one the time not hurry up do the elk
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed that one
I'll always like always I love having my
brother in my videos not cuz it gets you
more few jobs but just because I love
having you in my videos and that's it
for today peace out guys unless you guys
did enjoy what was a happy jolly Brandon
in the story time video with rug is now
a depressed angry upset Thank You
Phoenix Suns for making me like this I
don't even want to explain it you guys
watch the highlights on nba.com or just
go ahead and check the score or wait for
my reaction video tomorrow because I
don't feel like explaining it the suns
lost
