guys my cousin Stephanie you guys
probably know her from some of my vlogs
at Chanel and Anthony's little sister
she invited me to go to her first soccer
game and I was at the gym so I told her
if I couldn't go but I left the gym
early and I hit up Jackie and I searched
you want to go with me
tsunami and Jackie are going to
Stephanie's first soccer game and she
doesn't know we're going so it's gonna
be like a surprise
Steph you're welcome she's so nervous
she was texting me saying I'm so
freaking nervous right now blah blah
she made JV soccer for Amir Mesa high
school and we're about to leave to go to
the game
okay you guys call it can't even see me
now you probably could um so I didn't
bring my camera down to Stephanie's game
because I left it at my house
but Stephanie played really well
honestly I'm surprised she can move
really fast Steph I know you were scared
of the ball there were a couple of times
where the ball was coming in she was
like this but their team lost I forgot
the score was but Stephanie looked good
though it was funny I was kind of
distracting her when she was on the
bench I was asking her if she wanted us
years out snapchatting her so I'm sorry
for that
sorry Stephanie's coach but
Jackie went to go get her nails done and
listen to me when you're a good
boyfriend
aka when the Phoenix Suns don't have a
game on and you got nothing to do you go
meet up with her and watch it at Nelson
but I brought her Starbucks I bought her
Starbucks and the chick who made the
drink her name was Rachel she watches my
videos fallin on Instagram so she knows
my girl and she brought on the cup
you're so pretty Brandon is lucky she's
right
dad you're still not done a little bit
more let me show a full view
guys my camera was dead so I wasn't
recording my reaction so far hey Dad hey
Bosley but what do you guys expect the
sons are in another close one look at
this 102 298 four minutes left a quick
overview because my camera was dead the
sons were up by 10 earlier in the fourth
but will you expect they give up the
leads for Washington to come back and
now it's a four-point game of less than
four minutes son's ball
let's hold the ball bled till the drive
way tonight Marquis for three Markieff
is a fucking jackass I swear yes John
wall throws it away
John wall throws it away guys John lower
took Markieff Morris starting spot today
I'm so happy I tweeted this morning I
was like can the sun's dump Markieff and
give all the minutes to lure in to let a
bitch although they didn't do the second
part they they brought Markieff off the
bench which is the first time in two
years that he's coming off the bench
I don't care he deserves it I don't know
why it's closing the game out though he
shouldn't be in right now
Suns ball blood so we got a fucking shot
clock violation brad beal has over 30
points it's his season-high and his
career-high 37 so he might get that
against us of course okay guys quick
overview john lure 13 points in started
swalot Markieff Morris Brandon Knight
with 18 eric bledsoe with 19 TJ Warren
was 11
did you guys know that Eric Bledsoe is
ninth in the league in scoring and
Brandon high is 11th so let's hung up
two of the top 11 scorers in the league
on the same team which is pretty nice
Brad deal with 30 points listen all
these stats are okay whatever nice and
all but just get this win if you guys
have been watching my blogs recently or
my reaction videos or just keeping up
with basketball in general with the NBA
you noticed that
first three quarters the sons look
amazing one of the best teams in the
league I don't know double-digit leads
passing the ball you know Bledsoe and I
going off and then the fourth quarter
comes and for some reason the Phoenix
Suns are statues they freeze on defense
they don't pass the ball they turn it
over and they had a 10-point lead in
Brooklyn in the fourth they lost that
game 16 point lead in Detroit I don't
even want to talk about the result and
now they had a ten-point lead earlier in
the in the game right now up for with
245 left and their ball I understand
what Markieff assume the game more
people to jumper take his ass out of the
fucking game dad dad why the hell is
Markieff Morris in the game and I was
leaving him in the game that's literally
begging to lose the game it's like
playing four or five you guys know what
I tweeted about ten minutes ago I said
if I have a dollar for every time I saw
Markieff Morris hustle this season I'd
be broke as fuck I would have $0
okay Suns up to now 220 ok blood so
girls how old does it's it's literally
okay I'm gonna stop saying literally
because I've been saying that so many
times when people actually call it out
one of my videos and I was out wings and
things with Lawrence earlier today and
he called it out - whoo Bledsoe misses
one nice let's go nice
Bledsoe you missed a free throw on the
clutch what's new with the Suns every
single game that involves the Phoenix
dons for some reason has to be closed
it's it's weird
okay the Wizards just got calls for a
charge all offensive fouls so the Suns
get the ball back for the love of God
would you score the ball you're getting
so many chances
but yeah whether we play Toronto
Brooklyn Detroit New Orleans Washington
any team from bottom to top it's a close
game
it's just crazy like I just want to
watch a game comfortably I want to sit
down grant a night with the floater and
it barely comes out
Wow they call the foul on Tucker they
just called a foul on PJ Tucker PJ
Tucker adds nine points and 13 rebounds
he's six foot five earlier in the game
he was guarding John Wall from the last
two games Tucker has guarded Andre
Drummond and John Wall
Wow the Wizards get free throws because
they're in the bonus the Suns have gone
cold again what's new are you fucking
kidding me what the fuck are you fucking
stupid Markieff Wow look at this shit
what the fuck is he do Ted what's up why
is he doing are you ki dad you can't
tell me he's not losing the game on
purpose every game guys Markieff Morris
is a fucking piece of shit I want him
off the sun's out of the NBA I don't
want to ever see his face ever again
Markieff Morris
fuck you and he just committed this
fallacy of the wizards and won I'm
tweeting about him and I'm tagging him
in it so he can hopefully see it Suns
are down one with a minute 40 now giving
up another double-digit lead in the
fourth quarter
take Markieff out of the game holy shit
turnover for the Suns yep
okay the Wizards just got calls for
travel guys I'm like like my head hurts
from watching Markieff Morris play
basketball he's literally dumb stupid
he has no IQ did you see him throw that
ball off of Bledsoe and then he commits
the foul to give the Wizards the lead
Suns ball down by one one minute left
oh my god oh my fuck what the fuck
literally that can you like believe this
holy shit I just can't believe what I've
seen this season from the fucking
Phoenix Suns there Peter took her scored
the ball and they call the travel he did
travel which one soap is mop imagine if
someone is standing in front of you with
a million dollars handing it to you and
you say no the the sons have every
single chance to win every game they
play and they literally turn it down
what the fuck are you turning the ball
over for the sons haven't scored a field
goal over five minutes how the fuck does
this always happen every single game and
I'm also pissed with Markieff Morris is
still in the game I've never hated a
player that's worth son's Jersey before
but Markieff Morris is the first
Bradfield now with the balls gonna pull
up grab your fucking score
the sons are their disgrace to the NBA
just put them in the d-league please the
sun's down 3 or 35 seconds ok the sun's
called timeout down 3 with 28 seconds
turnovers missed shots no defense
bonehead plays like Markieff Morris
trying to throw the ball off blood so
when John Wall misses the free throw
okay well the Suns are down 3 with 28
seconds Markieff Morris is still in the
game you do not need a three okay it's
let's go hit a layup now the Suns have
to foul they're down along with 15
seconds wow I still can't believe the
Suns were literally up all game they
were up the whole game from start to
second quarter third quarter halfway
through the fourth up the whole game
makes the first like I used to get mad
at this now honestly I just expect it I
probably get mad at the Suns Wayne
because of how shocked that would be
brad beal with 34 points just hit the
second free throw sun's down 3 with 11
seconds left
ah for one time please for once in my
life can I see like a Suns positive
thing not a negative on the corner
tonight ooh and I got salad for three
shots yes yes Bret dad three free-throws
Wow Brandon Knight just got solid
shooting a three yeah that's a three
first one he fucking missed the fucking
first holy fuck he's 82 percent on the
guarantee fucking missing
Wow an 82% free-throw shooter gets
fouled for three shots when you're down
three and he misses the first free throw
the what they just gave the sun's a
technical wait what they just gave the
sun's a technical foul Brandon Knight
fucking just missed two free throws dad
I'm never watching a game for the rest
of my life Brandon Knight fucking choked
right there
piece of cher are you kidding me but are
you kidding me that's crazy oh my god I
know dad look
this is who got the technical markeith
you see what I mean about Markieff
Wow the sun's literally just missed two
free throws Oh Mike okay so the sun's
are down two with six seconds and they
fouled Garrett temple who's a sixty
percent free-throw shooter so that's
exactly the guy you want to foul on the
year first free throws up and it's good
dad
60% free-throw shooter makes the first I
still can't believe Brandon Knight you
get salad for fucking three free doesn't
you make one it's bad enough to make two
and you make one get the fuck out of
here okay he missed the second we have
no timeout
and you have no timeouts three seconds
left let's go for three
lets's game time shot hit the glass and
came out another heartbreaking loss all
on us Washington didn't win this game we
lost this game oh my god fuck I'm done
with this reaction vlog I'm done guys
now that I'm somewhat calm first of all
definitely not wearing that for the rest
of the night but let me just say this
Markieff Morris idiot cost us the game
he throws that ball off Bledsoe he gets
that technical foul one in the klutz
we're lucky Washington missed the free
throw but he still picks up the teeth
not counting four for ten shooting on a
three turnover
no that's the stats Tony Mitchell he's
an idiot the Phoenix Suns they cannot
close out games on this whole season
they're the worst fourth quarter team
defensively you could give them a 30
point lead in the fourth and I'll still
sit here and say about the Phoenix Suns
we'll lose this game they've had
double-digit leads in each of the past
three games in the fourth quarter their
own three in those games they're not one
in seven in their last eight games and
we're up four in this game with like two
minutes left and it's our ball what more
do you want Brandon Knight gets fouls
for three free-throws when does that
ever happen one here down three and he
makes one out of three and 82% sweet
guys just all I'm gonna say is what I've
seen happen to the Suns in the last last
two or three weeks I have never seen
happen to another team than being like
you played three quarters great they
look like a top five team in the West
and then the fourth quarter comes and
they literally look like a four-year-old
rec center basketball team it just makes
no sense I understand you're young but
so are the Utah Jazz so are the Orlando
Magic you don't see them playing like
this are you kidding me like I don't
know the Suns have way too much talent
to be dis that night Bledsoe Chandler TJ
Warren and Devin Booker they have too
much talent to be playing like this like
if they're just losing normal games
because they're getting outplayed that's
fine but they're losing due to idiotic
mistake
and it pisses me off it's okay for it to
lose a game like this maybe once a week
maybe once every two weeks but you're
doing this on a consistent basis like I
don't know I don't know I'm done like I
said and I proved my point again today
every single son's game has to be closed
for some reason
