I got this guy's
so the filthy Bosley is let me show you
guys where he's at
mr. filth himself is in that car right
now getting a bath let me show you guys
it was a struggle getting him into that
car look my mom's in there recording him
to everyone wants to record her how
dirty he is
Bosley dark yeah he looks super dark
bomb huh he literally never takes
showers or baths I know
it lovely he's gonna be so clean finally
yeah he's happy
leave a copybook
it's like really bad for their health to
get super fat to like when they get
older or stuff like that
yeah really overweight he doesn't look
that good it won't be affecting his
health anytime soon good
you
Bosley's done with the shower and my mom
said he has a bow now mom you see the
bow lovely hey there fuzzy wait yeah he
wants the dog Bosley hey
after clean you can't take it
bah Glee
hey let me see your bow
bus okay go inside go inside guys what
did I say yesterday about how I hurt my
holy shit I need to I need to invest in
a camera mount just put it right here so
my camera stops tilting and falling so
okay there okay what did I say yesterday
about hurting my thumb and how I just
need to take a rest and I and like I'm
not going to play basketball today guess
who I'm on my way to go right now
I'm literally on my way to the gym to go
play basketball I don't learn my lesson
like it's too tempting it's too
addicting
it doesn't hurt now but I already know
someone hits if the ball hits it I'll be
fucking dead
on my way to the gym go play some pickup
basketball and maybe hit some abs and
legs I'm not sure yet
depends how much time I have you guys
I'm just getting back from the gym right
now bullshit why not clothes look I need
to leave you guys are asking where I'm
going because I just got back from the
gym listen to this so I just got back
from playing a couple hours of
basketball and I was about to come home
you know just to shower and just
whatever and I got a text from my older
cousin saying do you want to go play
basketball I'm about to go play at LA
Fitness so I was at the LA Fitness in
Mira Mesa played some basketball came
home now I'm gonna eat really quick and
go play bass on another LA Fitness my
back literally hurts my thumb didn't get
hurt so let's not jinx it but yeah imma
eat really quick five five minutes and
go meet up with him
I'm LA Fitness hopping right now bball
hopping I told my brother to come but he
say he's making a video or something so
I'm gonna go by myself
I'm gonna enjoy days like this because
I'm 20 years old and I know once I get
older I can't be doing stuff like this
basketball for hours and hours per day
so I'm enjoy it while I could but now
it's time to eat really quick back home
five-hour gym day I mean five our
basketball day straight basketball and
now time to watch the sun's game sun's
out Pistons I don't know if I'll be
doing a reactions been too much stress
recently guys there's good news and bad
news the good news Markieff Morris is
out so I don't have to look at his face
for this game the bad news Marcus Morris
who plays for the Pistons now is right
there so I have to see his face for the
next two and a half hours and also one
more bad news
Tyson Chandler is still out with a
hamstring injury so oh fuck um Tyson
Chandler is still out and Alex Len
picked up two fouls so Andre Drummond is
going up against no centers teletovic
and John Lure are trying to guard him
Andre Drummond right now is being
guarded by PJ Tucker if you guys aren't
familiar
with this PJ Tucker a six foot five
that's a goaltend andre drummond no
brain we just got through gold tents in
a row back to back yeah
PJ Tucker is six foot five and he's
guarding Andre Drummond I'm telling us
he's the most underrated defender in the
league last year he had games go Bledsoe
TJ Warren um last year PJ Tucker have
games where he guarded Chris Paul
Kevin Durant LeBron James DeMarcus
Cousins
Dirk Nowitzki he guards anybody any
position but this is just crazy
six foot five and he's guarding a huge
seven footer PJ Tucker is all whore are
all hustle if it wasn't for him our team
would have no passion guys please don't
let Devin Booker be seriously hurt he oh
he hit the side of his head on the court
guys anyways injury aside which the
injuries more serious injury aside he
has 12 points off the bench and it's
only halfway through the second quarter
if he's not seriously hurt he was on his
way to for sure the best game of his
life Devin Booker with 15 points off the
bench and it look now has 15 off the
bench this is game of his life okay shit
every time I record the patient's gonna
highlight down come down recording
shit
guys I hate on the Lakers I hate on Kobe
but I give credit when credit is due
Kobe he's fucking came alive in the last
two minutes if the Lakers win it's all
on Kobe he won them this game like he's
been doing the past 15 years running
yeah Kobe hit a three and then a jumper
both of them in Brad wheels face vintage
coat Lakers might win this one in
Washington dad of course the sons play
Washington on Friday so let them get
pissed off loose a Laker so they could
come kill us on Friday why you guys do
your job like good and listen I know
don't nobody get pissed you're right
you're good that's it except for me when
the sons lose I do get pissed doing all
my dad's outfits look nice when he goes
out wait why don't you wear the
spongebob pajamas cause when I sit in
like this and back over here the Suns
are up 10 nearing the end of the 3rd
Drummond is so talented and he might be
the best center in the league this year
over DeMarcus Cousins and Marc Gasol but
he needs to learn how to hit free throws
because because the free throws are
terrible he's shooting 37 percent for
the year 37 first one thank you he
fucking makes it just cuz I was talking
but um yeah the sons are they've been on
fire the third quarter they're up 9 with
10 seconds left guys and I just got out
the shower and I was picking classes for
my next semester of college he missed a
second ok so the sun's are up 9 the Suns
are up 9 going to the 4th not bad guys
the Suns are up by 14 with 10 minutes to
go in the 4th honey Devin Booker had his
career high off the bench Devin Booker
with 18 off the bench on 6 shots he's 5
for 6
3 for 3 from 3 to let a bitch has been
on fire recently he had four threes two
games ago he had six threes against
Toronto and then he has he's hit three
threes already today that's what we
brought him here for Bledsoe with 21
points enough with stats the Suns are
winning
that's all that matters I guess my girl
with a bad luck charm honestly but uh I
told you guys they're so inconsistent
you you beat Toronto one of the best
scenes in the East you lose to Brooklyn
and then you come here and you're
beating up on Detroit who's been
impressive this season and Tyson
Chandler Markieff Morris are both out
like I was saying I was picking my
college classes so far I've picked two I
still need to pick one more I'm going to
take three classes next semester I
picked biology which is hard enough and
I picked it with a lab also I picked on
macro economics econ and then I'm
deciding what to do for my last one I'm
not sure guys we got John lure for a
late second round pick 16 points and 6
rebounds starting in place of Markieff
Morris hey Suns management how about
this
don't Markieff away throw them in the
trash start John lower for the rest of
the year have Mirza come off the bench
why not this lead isn't safe though I've
seen the sun's give a bigger leads in
the fourth
God not only do I want the sons to be
the pistons I want them to smash the
Pistons because I don't like mark
I don't like Marcus Morris ever since
the Sun straightening he's been straight
trashing the organization not to mention
Detroit came to Phoenix a couple weeks
ago and beat the Suns on our home court
so this is literally payback payback I'm
on the sense of smashing I don't like
Marcus I dislike you guys think I
dislike Markieff he's playing on the Sun
imagine how much I hate his brother also
guys I witnessed Steph Curry scored 28
points in one quarter
he scored 28 points in the third quarter
against the Hornets he didn't even play
in the fourth and he had 40 points
imagine if he played in the fourth he
would I easily broke 50 the other NBA
news Joey
Okafor suspended for two games behind
the Sixers because you got to shoot that
so on top of Jalil for trying to use a
fake ID to buy alcohol at the club on
top of him getting a 108 mile-per-hour
speeding ticket on top of a video
surfacing of him beating up this guy on
a nightclub another video surface of
that same night where he beat up another
dude
so I guess Philly was just like you know
what that's enough they suspended it for
two games this is sad because he's
playing so good at basketball was and
he's only 19 years old so like I hope he
doesn't turn out like those athletes who
are super talented but just fuckup in
their life God sees he's younger than me
are you kidding me come on sons TJ
Warren scores Sun's up 15 with 7 minutes
45 bench points for the sons who James
mom mom the sons look they're up by 15
with seven minutes left
mom TJ Warren has ten points off the
bench Devin Booker has 18 points the one
that's Brian's age the rookie hits his
career high the one with the ball he's
never scored this much good luck to the
hand oh we don't need luck we're too
good okay so the pistons cut the lead to
11 with five and a half minutes left the
Sun better keep pounding don't fucking
let go don't let loose off the gas
that's what the sun's do they build big
leads and then they go okay we won stop
before you know it the other team comes
back hopefully this isn't the case
tonight
hopefully up by eleven five-and-a-half
okay Reggie Jackson just hit a three so
from a 16-point game a few minutes ago
down to an eight point game with five
minutes left the Sun fucking come on
Brandon Knight for three oh my gosh the
Pistons just hit another fuckin three
from a 16 point lead a few minutes ago
minutes to a five point game with four
and a half fucking sons I swear only the
sons three on the shot clock
let's--oh misses again three-point game
the Pistons score again 15 to to run and
sons you guys are fuckin ass you guys
suck
literally only the sun's your up 16 in
the fourth instead of keeping on fucking
piling and going about like 2022 you
literally they went so cool the Pistons
on a 15-2 to run in what three minutes
I'm texting Jackie right now so man she
said you're not allowed to die guess
what if the Suns lose I'm literally
burying my grave right here right here
six feet under right here in my room but
I'm upstairs so I'll probably just fall
through the garage door still holy shit
the sun's turned it over
vintage Phoenix Suns basketball right
here that I'm watching why not
pisses score again not only are the
sun's not fucking scoring the ball but
they're not playing any defense either
17 2 to run for Detroit in four minutes
Suns miss again this is fucking crazy
whoa finally the Pistons missed finally
the sun's better score here I swear it
was 102 286 now it's 104 to 103 with
three minutes left
let's--oh holy crap dude are you kidding
me and the sun's just fouled the Pistons
we squirt two points in five minutes
are you fucking serious mom I bet you
can't guess who the worst team in the
NBA is no the sun's who does this who
does this I can't even eat my food cuz
I'm so mad anymore
who wants a giveaway of rice and chicken
and macaroni he makes the first cuz it
he's Detroit isn't Phoenix they don't
miss free-throws only the suns miss
Fritos in the fourth quarter I might add
he made both fucking kidding me 19 2 to
run in the fourth quarter only the sun's
not even the 76ers would do this
holy fuck fucking miss again the Pistons
scored again I'm fucking done right now
fucking kidding me
so let me just give a little over you
overview the Sun drew up by 16 was 7 and
a half minutes left in the fourth ok
there's one and a half left they're down
by three the Pistons are on a 21-2 to
run and the Sun's up scored two points
in the last six minutes holy shit is
there lid on our basket or something
yeah yeah thank you God thank you
Mirza to let image just literally saved
my heart he just did a three-year his
for three of the game now play some
defense Oh Andre Drummond fucking dawn
the Suns are down two with 103 less ooh
Jon Lord with the dunk
John lower dunks it 109 109 with 58
seconds left please once stock pick left
watch Andre PJ Tucker
andre drummond oh my
Wow I'm fucking are you fucking stupid
if you're wondering what happened the
sun's just fouled the pistons for three
free-throws they fouled on a three-point
fucking shot oh my god let's not forget
guys it's under up by ten in the fourth
quarter in Brooklyn last night what
happened we lost we were up sixteen
tonight in Detroit and guess what's
gonna happen we're gonna fucking lose
this game I swear Ilya so was shooting
three three free throws who he missed
the first he missed the first he has 22
points a season-high of course against
us you he missed the second Brian he
missed to choke don't miss the third
don't miss the third okay he made one
that's fine
one out of three the Suns are down one
was 39 seconds babe okay remember how I
told you it was a tie game with 38
seconds and it was the Pistons ball no
the Suns followed them and they only
made one free throw so now the Suns are
down by one with 38 seconds and it's
their ball my armpits are literally
Niagara Falls I can't wait I can't talk
right now
hold on I haven't sat down for life one
hour hi hold on oh my god rainy night
for three please go yes Ryan fuck right
you may not be man and I just made a say
I swear to God baby I just made a three
I swear on my I tried everything the
sun's out by two or thirty seconds and
oh my gosh okay so now the see there's
the way I'm so I can't even talk as I'm
smiling so hard the sun's now they're up
by two with 30 seconds left
Brandon fucking night clutch okay
Pistons ball nope for three yes yes the
pigeon just missed a three but yet the
Pistons just missed a three and a foul
Brandon Knight hell yeah guys by the way
Brandon Knight with that three it's his
fucking birthday happy birthday
don't throw your birthday kisses boy
I'll give him three for hitting that
three Thank You Brandon night holy shit
when Ilyas overshot this my heart
literally I got a heart attack
oh no no that wasn't a foul they called
timeout okay the suns are up to is 23
seconds left and it's their ball and
detroy has to foul they're gonna go for
the steal first get Knight the ball into
their free throw
are you fucking kidding me are you
fucking kidding me
are you fucking serious
right now I'm in shock I'm lit Brian I'm
in shock are you Brian are they
literally the sun's just turned it over
they finally like okay yeah they have
the ball up by through they have to do
some holy shit you can't wait to get
fouled you have to throw it up in the
fucking air only the Phoenix Suns though
that's the only team who does this
honestly you gotta be kidding me there's
no no way Brandon eyes about to get
fouled what are you throwing it up in
the air for Suns are up to with 12
seconds okay they fouled Andre Drummond
that he didn't have the ball Andre
Drummond is shooting - this is exactly
the value one at the line in this type
of situation is 4 out of 13 tonight
don't choke Andre don't choke Brian of
course he made the fucking first thirty
eight percent free throw shooter five
for 14 and he makes the first Wow if he
makes this next one I don't even know
what to say honestly are you fucking
kidding me are you fucking kidding me
really Andre Drummond a bottom three
free-throw shooter in the NBA if not the
worst he's right there with DeAndre
Jordan makes two free throws with 14
seconds left in the game
tie game 14 seconds left the Suns have
no more timeouts
both teams are on the bonus Brandon I
love the ball ten seconds left
let's OH five seconds left Jesus comes
holy fuck fuck I never get a dog the
suns are the worst team in the league at
closing out games fuck five buzzer
beaters against us last year we couldn't
get one we can't get one we're going to
overtime as before I do my reaction to
overtime or whatever I just want to say
that this whole situation is beyond me
the sun's blowing a 16-point fourth
quarter lead which is crazy enough and
then you have the Sun's up by to dare
ball with 19 seconds left so they got to
get fouled and they turn it over like
they literally throw the ball away when
they're about to get fouled and then
they follow Andre Drummond and he makes
both like those three things those just
like my head just those are beyond me
PJ Tucker for three oh fuck make your
open shots you're in the NBA you're
getting paid for a reason you're not
going to pay to miss shots this is crazy
the Suns are literally like Pistons
Corrigan's son
down for three and a half minutes you
guys are fucking crazy sons you guys are
literally this is insane no team could
lose this kind of way Suns down five or
three minutes we miss again this game is
fucking done Pistons Gorgon I'm turning
this fucking shit off this fucking
dumbass game dad guess guess who lost
guess who lost yup
yep I swear on my life that I'm dead are
you fucking kidding me
dad you know we were up by 16 seven and
a half minutes left in the fourth
quarter 16 points and he wait wait wait
we're down by two with 130 now hold on
okay dad I'll call you back no but we
were down by seven with two minutes and
we did a 500 run super fast
okay the sun's as I'm talking to my dad
telling them how he already well the
sun's already lost the game and I
already tweeted that this was our worst
loss of the season the Suns are down by
two of the men and a half left Pistons
ball okay once up you're down to the
minute five seconds please stop Reggie
Jackson's killing you no no no no the
sun's gonna steal but it went off PJ
Tucker's hands like I've said in every
video whether we're up 16 in the fourth
up a hundred in the fourth down 50 in
the fourth it's the game end it's going
to be close when the Phoenix Suns are
involved if the Phoenix Suns are on a
basketball court the game has to be
close and I don't know why but it's true
oh no Pistons five to shoot Reggie
Jackson get up on it get up you have to
force up a three that's a yes shot clock
shot clock violation Brian my Florida
literally sunk into my not my ass down
to my toes
Suns ball it down by two with 48 seconds
please take a smart shot my friends want
to hang out tonight - is the Sun whose
I'm not leaving my house not with the
ball again
what what guys sorry my camera died but
before it died while I was so pisses
because Brandi night hit the jumper and
then the rest called an offensive foul
on PJ Tucker second look at this
offensive foul
after a night made the shower are you
joking but now the sun's are down by
three with nine seconds left and air
ball please drop a nice plane hit a
three cab and a night fade away like off
the bounce jumper and that misses and
they lose the game but that's not the
point they didn't lose it in overtime
they lost this game in the fourth
quarter and I've said multiple times
that the Suns do not know how to close
out games and what better example than
the one right here you're up 16 you're
up 16 in the fourth as a Suns fan if the
other team was beating us by 16 and the
Suns are down 16 in the fourth I turn
off the TV I'd say it's over this is not
only this is hands-down the worst loss
of this season but this might be the
worst loss I've watched in like the past
three or four years I mean just
everything just added up and it just
turns out - like how do you lose this
game it was set up perfectly for you to
win and man it just it pisses me off
I don't know the suns can't close out
games oh no this was a terrible loss
disgusting ugly pathetic I don't even
know what what else to say
actually the Suns blue one that they had
right here in their grip they blew it
but it's nothing new same exact shit for
the past five years an hour and a half
later my appetite is slowly coming back
I got you beaucoup fun
my mom was trying to Netflix and chill
with Bosley and Bosley fell asleep guys
don't even ask why I'm watching the game
again because honestly I don't even have
an answer I'm watching the game while
watching my own vlog
Jackie meets my mom while eating a
burrito at 2:44 a.m. and I have class at
11 o'clock what am I doing with my life
whatever the sons done to me
