what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka Pilates and today I'm here with
Jackie and baby so the reason I'm here
with Jackie today and the baby who will
introduce later is because now we
actually had something very serious to
tell you and I don't know if you've ever
very very cute baby so I hope you guys
are you know ready for this news but the
sons actually play the Boston Celtics
tomorrow so I'm ready for that game
what well this is our baby yeah so the
mother of these baby people is actually
Jackie's really close friend is very
very good answer
the mom of this baby is actually really
really busy today so Jackie was
babysitting a buncha said her first word
I keep hoping she like talks like month
year old I'm scared to make eye contact
I know she's gonna cry so no eye contact
for this video look at the shoes what
size are those half they're half a size
okay well I do know one thing she keeps
looking at the TV and yeah so this is
obviously a good sign the mother should
be very proud
no way okay baby smile okay she said oh
okay no you said I can't pet her look
guys yeah Brandon's like how do you pet
her I'm like she's not a dog well okay
let's see what happens if I try to carry
her yeah I'm ready for the waterworks
okay baby please don't cry I'm gonna
smile
look I told you we pet the baby don't
pet her so what do you think she eats
let me just ask you chicken
she doesn't have chicken I don't know
what does she has she not even for five
months except for milk oh no crying not
a cute or if Jackie had a kid who would
be the better parent obviously me
I don't know so far the hominin cooked
so number one I think I'm better than
you for the petty look she likes the
pity you don't pet her remember - you
got to talk to her baby how's your date
you're stressing her out
I think she's wait let me get her a toy
let me show you I have a toy here no no
I don't trust your toys I already told
you Brandon tried to ask me if he could
give her a toy from his old dog I said
no only bother to drool on me you know
what I hate about I'm having Bosley I
feel like you took away the experience
that I would have with my first boy why
my first son okay oh okay when you hold
it baby you have to close your hand
close it yeah like that guys so she
can't tell she actually has a fade like
me she has here on top and then short on
the sides yeah you wanna go play
basketball she can't walk here how is
she in a mini hoop watch come to my
house and you cry when I pick you up she
said the baby wants to move around right
now she's judging my outfit yeah I know
I'm wearing sandals okay baby so this is
the bed
and you never want to not do your bed so
baby when you get older every time you
wake up you got to do your bit don't
follow my foot baby
no you skip this see you're teaching the
baby how to be dirty baby this is where
you wash the clothes have to be dirty no
look I just want her to say okay this is
the bathroom okay no no like it's rude
when you tell somebody they don't answer
you that's the thing baby this is the
toothbrush and I know you like to like
bite things but you don't buy someone
else's toothbrush okay wait does she use
a toilet yet no she goes potty and her
pants dirty what did you have to change
the diaper
I don't change diapers says who okay
baby
no pooping no going poop no okay she
won't get that bad of a rice if we leave
it took them all good sir
oh here's the oh you don't want this no
cuz that's route from your hand because
I know you're calling Bosley dirty guys
what goes water finger down she's
closing she's squeezing call 9-1-1 she
does if you're thirsty we'd have
Gatorade I know okay how would you feel
eating the same thing for fun ones wait
guys I like the headband she's really
showing traits of being a future NBA or
a WNBA player
but look first you get the babies
attention on the field and then you put
the feet down where are the feet baby
where the Figo say Devin Booker no baby
say Devin Booker I feel like that's
gonna be her first words you bless up my
camera
he then my camera in my eye so what do
you think yeah she's cute she just needs
to talk and
like Bosley runs after me I want to run
and she runs after me are you so
gorgeous look at you baby do you want do
you want to go for a walk do you want to
treat she can't have a treat I know but
I just want to see if she turns her head
do you want to go for a walk turn your
head like you know how when you see a
dog or you see like a baby and you like
change your voice right it's like baby
do you want a treat is that the same as
hard okay how are you supposed to do it
baby you have a friend look Bobby's here
oh that didn't go too well no no no so
far lost respect for her every time I
ask a question she doesn't talk okay how
about the fact that she cried in my lap
I do respect you because this is organic
so she's healthy baby you want to eat
yourself
god I just noticed she has no teeth
Brandon are you kidding me okay now here
let me refill it oh you know I said I
don't know how to talk to babies explain
this hey baby
here comes a train choo-choo oh my god
baby okay here the airplane is coming
and the airplane landed she's taken a
basketball break okay no more basketball
okay okay if you know food be me okay
three two one
after eating you guys this is how girls
are like if you feed it we're so happy
no she really does remind me of Bosley
Bodley if he doesn't get his food he's
in a bad mood and not to mention she
likes being pet ok here Shh you like
this no no don't eat your fingers
there's more food ok no she wants the
cameras you want the camera ok ok baby
if you break the lens watch like if
there's food in front of me I'm not
gonna eat my phone or camera I'm gonna
eat the food she's literally taking the
lens ok baby she's watching basketball
and hitting me at the same time what do
you want the camera ok ok just you know
what just take it just take it at this
point I'm done arguing I'm done fighting
it's too early in the morning ok is she
not the cutest baby she has to be her
and Bosley are the two cute if she was a
Gerber baby
I ate Gerbert I was like a love at first
old yeah like when we did the baby food
challenge and he didn't tell me till
after that you actually liked the baby
food and I was struggling you want more
babies hungry how much do you eat ok ok
I won't laugh sight does she eat the
whole jar in one ok guys so we found a
way to make the baby laugh all it takes
is hair punching me look go and now
she's got my ear ok hold on I have your
baby
oh do you want to hit okay go go
now she smiled now you smile huh okay
guys so right now I don't know how this
is gonna go but we're gonna attempt to
do a photo shoot of me on the baby's
okay and you're gonna dad
goodbyes oh mama
oh she walked or drew on me you're lucky
my friend discounts my swing okay okay
all right what did I do I understand
what I did no I'm taking the hits back I
let her hit me so that she could take
pictures with me oh you think she's had
enough now and we have to do a thumbnail
okay baby thumbnail time I swear oh she
found the hearing again guys Oh guys
thumbnail were the babies harder than
thumbnail Bosley at least Bosley doesn't
know that he's fat
I haven't been punched in the face as
many times so today how you done you're
done with this video she's done with you
look guys her shoes how cute was that
guys she loves feet she has a foot
fetish like Jackie has three toes
okay okay okay first of all she's lying
second is in a baby video not about my
toes okay guys so she decided that she
wants some formula milk well actually
first she wanted Jackie but Jackie said
she has no milk so okay that's so cute
look at her fingers like let go let's
see if she's holding it on their own
oh oh no no she's doing this on her own
she deserves a big pit good girl baby
she said thank you jackie has big-time
baby fever
guys look at her belly she's so fat it's
hanging over freakin bands
it's like Peter Griffin gordita no no no
I honestly guys a Bosley was way nicer
to me when he was a kid I used to be
excited to have my first baby but then
when I had Bosley he took the joy away
from me having my first baby so now when
I have my first baby technically it's
like my second because Bosley was my
first baby so yeah okay god
I hope you enjoyed today's video the
point of this video was pretty much like
I said me and Jackie wanted to see who
would be a better King and I think okay
Cooper more what did I do I understand
so the reason for the title of this
video because Jackie decides to go ahead
and post an Instagram picture with the
baby yet in her lap people were going
crazy they're like making up stories
like oh my god this is why they broke up
she was pregnant and she didn't show the
baby because Jackie did not put in her
caption anything about yeah so then I
started getting killed with tweets and
Jackie's comment section was crazy is
this your baby is this you guys maybe
and of course it kind of looks like
Jackie - yeah so we just decided to make
this video clear things up I bet you the
comments section either way just like
when we said we broke up and people are
like oh they didn't really break up they
did it for views people are gonna be
like oh this is really their baby
because of course you guys know more
than us like we don't know but anyways
guys I hope you did enjoy this video
drop a like if you did subscribe to the
channel if you are new drop a like for
the baby she's super cute leader and
super chunky and if you guys wanna see
more hopefully next time she doesn't cry
in my lap hopefully next time ask a
question she talks
okay guys Brandon okay bodice oh okay
like I was talking you didn't wake up I
whispering you wake up I love you guys
all I'm out the baby is out peace and
Jackie
I can never ever find the right word
just there's no way this is real life
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right it
feels right
