good Junior how old are you you're not
you better not crash that junior and I
wrote it at least I'm not oh my god
Jenny journey yard
don't drive crazy Brian I can't where
are your oh my gosh guys my cousins are
crazy I was showing them the scratch on
my car guys I think I'm gonna take it to
go get touched up by junior I can't on a
scale of one to ten how savage am i
twenty-one Savage no parking Oh too bad
just joking this isn't called being
savage it's called being dumb I need to
move my car I just put it here for our
thumbnail Oh Papa rug is here free
parking on the sidewalk all day I didn't
okay guys let's see my dad's reaction to
jr. taking the golf cart and I think jr.
lied to me when jr. said Brandon can I
Drive the golf cart
I said jr. who lets you drive the golf
cart he said everybody I said okay go
did jr. lied to me or is he allowed to
drive the golf cart because he took the
golf cart yeah I don't know where he is
he went somewhere by himself
they took jr. jr. oh my gosh they needed
to for jr. we might need to make the
call for a junior Jay oh if he doesn't
respond to the Jay that's how you know
he's in serious trouble joy jr. I think
my dad's gonna kill you is are you the
over for Brandon sir
god I'm honestly surprised the golf
guards son one piece
oh oh oh Santa it's time for you to go
bro it's not Christmas anymore it's
almost New Year's you can't just hide
here and wait till next Christmas you
gotta go up and then come back next year
bro to me from mine all my knowledge and
experience about cars mm-hmm this one
somebody was back backing up here and
Turnersville and when I had my Lexus
before this car nothing ever happened
now ever since i got this car guys it's
crazy one morning I woke up the whole
car was egged somebody egged my whole
car later on someone literally took a
huge rock threw it through the glass and
it shot
everything in the back and then now I
see somebody did a hit-and-run they
didn't leave their name number
information nothing body oh you think so
damn and though is it dented a little
bit dumb yeah guys my dad's
trash-talking the little cousins who's
more trash dad junior rockin Oh father
for son the battle but that's dream I
talk so much
look at Bosley sitting courtside with
his courtside view hey Bosley did you
pay for these courtside seats
where's your ticket bro let me see your
ticket you think you could come up here
sneak into the arena and watch the games
for free okay fine you can stay
surprising hairy fan with courtside
seats to basketball game insane reaction
floater
okay Bosley we surprised you with course
ID seeds that doesn't mean you go on the
core you run on the court Brian Burt are
you rooting for
oh if I stop my dad then I get to face
off against Brian for a chance at my
gift but first I need to stop my dad um
possible come here son come here right
it's time to get my gift
let's see if I can do it right oh I see
a shoebox like I ordered it way before
Kristen oh this is a Christmas if you're
talking about
yeah Nike swoosh okay so I was right I
knew what shoes not easy you know I love
Nike that packaging up no way no way
wait no way right no way I swear wait
are you sighs I love it Brian up yeah
sighs let me put on weight look you know
what's crazy this is not going off
Michael a bright 99 key and all why I'm
going right now I'll fight you wait this
Brian this is
oh these are nine what the hell's wrong
with the laces wait comes an extra later
yeah hey Brian oh my guys
this is sick wait this matches my outfit
perfectly Brian all white shorts I will
I will
and I'm leaving this tag on Brian yeah
yeah wait Brian thank you so so much
merry Christmas to you too but I like
the red tagging and the green tip laces
it's like a Christmas theme now I gotta
try them on hopefully they fit but if
we're being real even if they're big or
small I'm still gonna wear them because
I'm in love with them so shout out to my
brother yeah for sure I'll fight for a
night year should I be a shoe model now
look at me yeah I mean the shoes I would
never like you know Brian things but I
mean there's nothing special
will yeah you change your mind in each
of us middle Easterns we could eat look
this is just appetizer only wings
mozzarella sticks more wings chips
artichoke dip and this is only
appetizers imagine when the actual food
comes no wonder these two our team thick
one is thicker than the other
date night baby come on our can don't
shy away bro so we got pasta pasta
steak chicken and then you got our
accounts kids meal chicken tenders and
don't forget the veggies kid okay guys
so since Brian got me the shoes it's
only right oh wow okay guys so since
Brian got me the shoes everyone
Anthony you touch the pork yeah my nose
is running catch it
right here I don't know what do you guys
say kids did you guys have a nice dinner
that's good that's good yeah you guys
want some dessert too bad too bad get
the in your bed and go to sleep you guys
look so the Suns game is on right now
and it's supposed to be on this channel
but when you go to the channel it says
there are currently no games playing but
that's false because look Suns at Kings
look the sun's game is on right here but
when you press the channel look what
happens look it says there are no games
but when you press the guide it's little
Otzi there's Devin Booker it's literally
right there so instead of watching the
game on the whole TV I literally have to
watch the game like this I can barely
see anything but marques Chris passes it
to tyler ulis Tolley old drives in tyler
ulis all he misses i think i might go
blind I've been watching the whole game
like this look this is how I'm watching
the game okay let's do a play-by-play
Devin Booker with the ball drives in on
scalp pump fakes passes it out to tyler
ulis guys but don't even ask me how much
time is left because that I for sure
can't see so that's why I gotta keep my
phone handy to see how much time is left
this is a struggle AT&T step your
up there are currently no games
scheduled yes there is a game scheduled
at this time bro and to top it off
there's no volume so I'm just sitting
here in awkward silence by myself
watching the game listen
awkward silence let's see how much time
is left one minute 50 seconds left I got
the phone right here so I can check the
time in the score I got the thing on TV
if the Sun score here it's over
Devin Booker dribbling the ball nine
seconds left on the shot clock
I think from what I can see uh-oh Booker
with the crossover the step-back Oh
Debbie Barker oh and he stared down the
King's Bench okay Devin Booker ladies
and gentlemen just won this game for the
Phoenix Suns shoutout debug Devon Armani
Booker you clutch son of a guns it was a
really close game the Sacramento Kings
were coming back and they were
threatening to win this game and Devin
Booker said uh-uh he took this game into
his own hands blood shot after clutch
shot after clutch shot yo guys I'm here
I not too close this video out I really
hope you guys enjoyed this video
Thank You Bryan so much for the shoes
I'm already in love with them I had a
lot of fun today if you guys know me you
know family always comes first I love my
family so I got to spend the day today
with my cousins Bryan my dad my mom all
just all family I hope you guys enjoyed
this video as much as I enjoyed my day
other than that guys drop a lot on
today's video subscribe if you do check
cause I'm gettin on if you want to see
more if you want to see brand new videos
every single day I don't know what else
to say but I want to eat more licorice
so ah thanks so much for his bill I love
you guys ping my home office man ah let
me that's one of the crazy things about
Devin Booker's game he is clutch he
could be having a terrible game and then
when it comes down to it in the last two
minutes he'll come up clutch and he'll
hit crazy shots at the end to help the
Phoenix Suns win games being clutch it
like you can't teach being clutch you
either have it in you or you don't have
it and Devin Booker 100% has the clutch
gene in him I know a lot of people have
the most fun when they go out and party
and travel and all
but I swear if you ask me what my
favorite form of fun is is just hanging
out with my family whether it's my
cousins or my brother or my mom and dad
I just love my family and that's exactly
what today was I woke up I got my
basketball in and then after that after
my basketball was done I spent the whole
day with my family
