I got this so what's up everybody do you
guys hear my voice right now if it
sounds like Shay you guys can blame the
sun's and Raptors game where the sun's
won because I was so hyped my voice is
gone but it's 9:20 right now I'm about
to eat breakfast and go get ready for
school
run run and work well guys when I said I
was going to have breakfast what did you
guys expect did you guys expect anything
else literally a carne asada burrito at
not even 9:30 a.m. I don't know guys
honestly I don't know if I have a
problem or anyways there is a son's game
today it's an early one out 4:30 they're
playing in Brooklyn so on this this game
shouldn't be too tough Brooklyn is 4 and
13 they're the second worst team in the
East but then again you know the sons
are inconsistent they'll beat a team
like Toronto one day and then they could
easily drop a game against Brooklyn
that's just how the sons are sadly but
um Mirza teletovic you played in
Brooklyn for the past couple seasons
makes his return there honestly I think
he should start over Markieff Morris for
this game um either way I hope the Suns
win make it two in a row to start off
the six-game road trip now time to
devour my burrito hey mom say hi to the
vlog look Bosley just woke up and he's
looking at the camera
why can't you mama rug under the weather
yes yeah it makes our house look more
haunted I swear Bosley mom you know
someone has a fake Instagram account of
you with 16 thousand followers no yeah
so listen mom can you make it yeah ma
Maura can you make your own Instagram do
you want to okay guys so if you're
already following a mom or ugh Instagram
account just know that it's fake because
she doesn't have one Bosley needs to
make one to buzz Li what are you okay
give me your hand I think it's a picture
of me and Bryan bye
I'll try guys I came to the gym after
class as you could tell I'm probably
like all sweaty and look disgusting but
I was playing bass on my thumb is still
weak like someone just barely hit it and
that shit hurts super bad and I know why
it's because I'm not resting it it's not
that it's jammed anymore maybe it was
sprained I don't know but it's just
really weak and every time someone hits
it fucking it hurts so like I stopped
playing after that happened I did a
quick workout just some shoulders but um
for some reason I'm feeling generous
today I think it's cuz the Suns are
playing so I'm happy I texted Lauren
saying I have a gift for you and I'm
gonna go pick up some food for both of
us and give him his food because he just
got off work with a hurt thumb I'm
honestly I'm not gonna play for one day
I should be saying one week but I'm not
going to play for one day and then I'll
see how it feels but I'm probably lying
to you guys but I'm probably gonna end
up playing tomorrow that's the best air
freshener black ice
it smells like Cologne I swear I have
that and then I have another one here my
car smells so good right now like if my
girlfriend walked in my car there's no
way she wouldn't kiss me maybe more so
yeah I'm picking up Wabble grill for me
and Lawrence he's meeting me here like
in two or three minutes and he doesn't
know I'm getting in food guys remember
um honestly it was over a month ago in
one of my vlogs I was telling you guys
how my car needed all this work done
like I needed an oil change it's way
past due for that and needed for new
tires and also needed new but I needed
its brakes checked honestly I'm not
gonna lie to you guys and dad mom if
you're watching this I'm sorry I haven't
done shit I haven't you know what I'm
parking in handicapped my thumb hurts so
if someone says some shit then I'll just
tell them I haven't got my pass yet
but yeah having done shit from my car
honestly I'm being really stupid because
it's not safe to drive that another
light just came on and that's low tire
pressure I gotta take care of this baby
it's a new car so on I think on Thursday
I'm gonna take it to get an oil change
and four new tires so my pockets
I'm be broke but I'm gonna pick up the
food for me on Lawrence right now Oh
where's Lawrence I said it'd be here any
second I got him his food I got him his
sauce and I got him green onions cuz he
likes that shit there's Larry nope you
didn't see me go into dumbass fucking
kill Lawrence and why is he going so far
Lawrence I'm in front of wobble girl
there to open parking so come by here
hurry gently right here right here right
here
so I
Brandon you're gonna like the
not really the outfit just the shoes oh
shit
I made it myself are those the ones
you've had Lawrence is that yours
are those the ones you like oh that's my
present to Lou nice hair
thanks it's good I just play basketball
bitch he was being sarcastic
it's right there it's wahlberg grill is
it really yeah I kind of figured it yeah
I couldn't find your cup what'd you say
one side yeah okay so this turned into a
date no I have to hurt okay yeah we'll
hurry I won't talk a lot this time guys
exam the whole thing Odell copied
Lauren's gin here okay let's see okay
the side back oh the back is nice I want
to see this
okay so Lawrence is my new cameraman I
am I have to move my car so I don't get
a ticket lines now get out her head who
what I hit a car so I can have a
thumbnail for the flow um yeah you
should but this cars about a backup
right here but a glue dot whopper grill
Brandon fucking told me how to present
for me once I got off work and I was so
excited to go to the gym and now I'm
gonna be in traffic for a fucking hour
all because of him look at my shoes one
time oh there we go
no but yeah we just had Wahlberg grill
and now Lawrence is giving me a ride to
my car because it's so far away
bye guys guys I'm telling you pick a
girl up with this air pressure in your
car maybe play some old-school Chris
Brown or maybe some old-school Drake and
there's no way that you're not going to
have them log down pawsley what what you
don't remember me
my mom is meeting Jackie for the first
time today are you are you gonna wear
that No are you nervous she's pretty
nervous I don't know if I'm supposed to
yeah I would have phone supposed to tell
you but she's nervous if I wasn't I
would be guys Bobby hasn't seen me in a
long time so he wants to play it father
Jackie I'm sorry I do this every time
before I meet up with you so
I'm gonna get it I'm gonna get the toy
stop Chanel Chanel stop snapchatting me
guys I'm gonna show you a quick look of
what I'm wearing
Chanel's snapchatting me Chanel get out
and don't record me and don't post it
anyway if I'm wearing this hey do not
post it she finally got on snapchat you
know your four years label no I get out
I need to change Bryan has repeated that
song nine times in the last ten minutes
since I've been home Sheena guess who's
back at it I'm just joking dad I'm gonna
come back and I'll see the progress
you've done there's a son's game in 30
minutes yeah yeah we're playing Brooklyn
and Brooklyn yeah yeah curry save that I
know curry saved them so like I said
earlier Jackie's meeting my mom for the
first time and she's nervous
it's pretty funny she's probably gonna
act like she's not nervous but I know
she is she told me she was yeah I'm on
my way to Jamba Juice right now to pick
us up some drinks for me and Jackie so
that when she comes over she's watching
a son's game at my house so that's why
she's coming over
guys I just seen people riding their
skateboards and they were wearing
helmets oh they're right there I don't
think you guys can see them I don't
think those types of people existed
anymore Jackie loves Jamba Juice and she
gets the nasty of the string she gets um
chocolate peanut butter whatever it
literally tastes like a protein shake I
don't know why you would get that but
that's not me she's lucky she's cute to
make up for all the weird in her I'm
just joking
so I got her a large because um if you
paid attention in one of my earlier
videos my goal is to make her really
fast so that dudes stop looking at her
um and it's not going too well right now
her body is still popping so I guess
this should help a little a large peanut
butter chocolate love I'm on my way to
pick up Jackie I asked her how nervous
are you one through 10
she said 9,000 888 she's so nervous she
can't even tie her shoe right now really
bad insight okay first of all I told him
not to look ah and look how she showed
up in my car
I just look hot for some soup one second
we're like twice titling this
that's totally what it's gonna be now
it's going to be that we're like a
minute away right now
60 seconds can you just stop right here
at all moco I'll give your pepti I'll
give you a pep talk really bad I can go
turn the car around
I can't come see how nervous stop no can
you please in the car we meet in the car
like go back to my house let me go get
my car I need to get in my car if you
got in your car your legs would be
shaking so hard you wouldn't even make
it to my freaking stop okay guys we're
at the light right before my house well
you'll need me like two minutes to get
ready Sonny like four or five hours
mm-hmm I need like four days to prepare
to be here okay so my dad's right there
please get to meet him - I have like
okay guys that's why I'm saying yeah she
gets camera shy
oh whoa is he like he's gonna not on my
knees oh no he wants to wipe his boogers
guys the Suns are down by 9 at halftime
to Brooklyn I'm pissed
are you down 9 Hey this is inappropriate
oh I'm looking at um pictures of the
weekend with Drake
Oh cuz I exist
huh cuz I don't exist to me right now
you dead
why because just me me here mom and he
gives me plenty cuz I had to watch the
game it's not all about you ok hmm at
least she's not asleep during this game
so that's the gunfire ok so the sun's
are down 7 with 11 minutes ok I wish it
anymore
because Brandon night literally misses a
layup as Markieff Morris literally is
the worst basketball player I've ever
seen in my whole life
I want him off the Sun I want him out of
the NBA yeah we literally hate him who
what's his name tell me guys it's
Brandon nights birthday in 6 hours I
want I just want to wish you a special
happy birthday to him and early 1
if you're watching this a defensive
three of course on Markie if he's
literally the dumbest not only baseball
player he's the dumbest person I've ever
seen in my life have you seen my sister
probably one of the scariest thing ever
why what's so bad if he misses oh my god
no I have to watch PJ
Oh at least art are though oh my gosh
why don't you do it no I said why would
you do that go oh come on are you
kidding me
oh gosh you must be 80 but I'm wearing
socks instead of 2 instead of two we got
three guys the sun's cut it down to six
with eight minutes left in the third
no what if if he literally made that I
don't care what you have been out of
left house and never came back
and tell her to bring me baby which is
her brain no my mom literally had the
nerve she asked for baby pictures my mom
had the nerve to ask to bring pictures
of me and my fucking homecoming date who
does that she met my mom and said oh do
you want to see a picture of Brandon and
blank and I said mom if you bring that
picture I'm never talking to you again
who does that I don't know how but I
didn't sharp him so he's lucky I didn't
get the good oh I love Markieff I
literally what we love marques okay
literally no I'm not hanging out you're
getting out that's it happen the sons
are only done by two the sons on the 30
no run and they're up by 4 now they were
down by 9 just a few minutes ago
guys these are low-key fresh huh babe
what size I get a six on me what my
sister my toes are here size six nothing
I can make fun of your fee anymore
what's going on in here hey says that's
your look good stop I'll have a planet
on my chin
go ten seconds left for the song split
so guys why wait so late TV what did you
hit the tree but agility watch would you
show the shoddy just hit babe he hit a
three at the buzzer and so I was telling
Jackie right now no matter who the sons
play it's always a close game I've told
you guys I'm telling her last game we
played Toronto who is the third best
team in the east and we won close now
we're playing Brooklyn who's the second
worst team in the east and of course
it's close babes it's not all about you
I'm telling you every single surname my
heart yeah now this one's are about
three going to the fourth God if you
love me please don't let the sun's me
because I don't want to be sat in front
of my grill just let them win one game
is that supposed to be show it and why
are you laughing okay I don't know
what's so funny about this what's so
funny
okay guys actually I don't blame her for
laughing just look first of all who gave
me a fucking haircut honestly you guys
the sons are up nine with ten and a half
left in the fourth Mirza blood-soaked
let's go just hit back to back to back
threes and guys there's 76ers literally
are about to beat the Lakers for their
personally I'm dead I'm literally dying
like I can't even laugh well I can't
laugh so much you know something yes on
the Lakers are now going to be 2 and 15
and they just lost to the 76ers the Suns
are now only up three with eight and a
half minutes Brooklyn cut it to three
but yeah the Lakers Congrats but you
just gave Philly their only win but
enough talk about the Lakers because the
Suns are fucking giving this game up
they're only up by one with five minutes
I'm literally gonna kill myself
okay so now
Brooklyn's gonna get two more
free-throws they can make it a six-point
game
why like I hate I hate the NBA hate rest
I hate Brooklyn no I don't think you owe
oh okay I know your man something memory
I know I can't take it out on Jackie
Sadler okay so the sun's are down five
with two and a half minutes and we're
ending night shooting both free-throws
if he misses one okay let made me stand
at the corner of the street today and
she's not went bad she put down her
window you know many people honked at me
I'm like you guys are real life like so
mean whoo three-point game with two and
a half minutes come on play D for one
you guys I'm stressed yes fucking miss
there's less than two minutes other down
by three you have to pee No
fuck Markieff I literally hate Markieff
Morris are you going to turn out turn it
over okay you turn it over at a time I
got good luck winning the scene okay
they lost the sons lost and it's all
Markieff Morris this fall and it's all
our coach's fault for leaving Markieff
Morris in at the end of the game when
you know he's literally has and he
played at the end of the game okay
I'm marrying it quits on something
there's no one
one more stop
I'm not no stop stop
I want to fun please let me watch it the
sun's literally have never heard of the
word defense in their life every single
player that has a dictionary has a
dictionary in the house if you go on
your defense it's blank okay Musa
Brooklyn I deserve it for talking about
the Lakers losing to the 76ers
they literally Brooklyn is the second
worst team in the east okay
they have four wins the whole season Oh
way to the quintessons let's make it fun
nice phoenix module never play another
game in the whole entire NBA for the
rest of your life guys let's go just hit
a layup so the Suns are down for you
with 45 seconds you need one stock go up
to stop baby they're down by three with
40 seconds down by through 40 seconds
flat so hot Brandon Knight has the ball
the sun's literally just missed Olea I'm
fucking done
I'm literally done I'm fucking done did
you see outline missed a layup yeah my
dad's watching the game right here how
the hell did Alex line missed a layup it
would have been a one-point game the
Suns are the worst I'm not even gonna
say anything they lost guys she's
picking the movie I'm trying to Netflix
and chill and she's boy in the Striped
Pyjamas like that's it for my vlog the
sons lost so I'm depressed I love
depressed but then I get to look at this
so now I'm happy you guys saying that
now no I don't know camera so are you
about to yell at me uh-uh because it's
my fault it is her fault but Jackie met
my parents so I might as well put a ring
on it no I just call it Jackie got a
heart attack because I did he keeps
touching me and this too much he's okay
she's saying this but when the camera
goes off guess who's gonna be the one
touching who on my vlog over say goodbye
I never much miss tuffsy gets every
my socks something really bad happens so
like I wear black and pee I was like
whoa wait hold on where my sandal guys
can you just like why but oh my gosh you
guys if you have white shoes and you
don't keep them clean I don't respect
you as a person now
okay guys we have a special announcement
I'm gay I'm gay no we have a special
announcement I'm actually that's the
announcement I was trying to that was B
and then I was like look I'm sorry but
basketball games stress me out I'd
rather watch the house whites for the
girl so I'm going lesbian Brandon is
available for all you hoes no I'm not
she meant for all your female
subscribers yeah a video sometime this
week me and Jackie are doing a Q&A so
leave your questions below okay leave
your questions below and we're going to
answer we're going to try to answer all
of them but that's probably not possible
so we're going to pick and choose a few
and we're gonna yeah so ok leave your
questions we'll do a Q&A this week
because I know you guys were telling me
to put in more of my videos I don't know
why honest yeah ends up hating me so I'm
just gonna tell you now if you gave me I
already knew that you were going to
start any 9th I what guys I changed it
actually don't leave your questions in
the comment section do not do that we
won't be answering those questions
instead tweet them to me my twitter is
in the description and I also have it on
the screen it's at bro wadis like my
youtube name tweet me the questions you
have for you guys and those are going to
be the ones that we're going to be using
for the video anyways I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog or yesterday's well
whatever and I'm out now peace out guys
