got this oh my gosh my dad has never
heard of the word rest might as never
heard of the word sleep he's never heard
of the term day off the sons are up nine
with a minute left in the third and
they're beating a pretty good team in
Toronto they need to keep it up
one minute left in the third Sun's up
nine I can't sit down the Sun's up lost
four in a row and I'm really scared if
they lose this game okay the Raptors
about the tape eight on the shot clock
Corey Joseph fuck you
the Sun Dried seven yeah with a minute
left in the third
Tyson Chandler is out the outline is
stepping up John war Oh John Moore he
just fucking threat shit down on
Patterson and they didn't call the foul
which it was tans Ross you know he wants
to shoot yeah what about TJ Warren go TJ
good night thanks fuck yes Sun's up 11
30 seconds left in the third to all my
followers who said oh the Raptors are
going to beat the shit out of the Sun -
hahaha I'm fucking dead you guys I'm
laughing so hard hiss hey that's a
travel Wow
I'm going to rewind that play Anthony
Wow Wow
that's fucking crazy six seconds left
Suns ball grand a night for three oh how
did that come out guys look at this
travel that the resident called because
fuck you refs one two three forget the
whole son's team travel travel bullshit
refs yeah no way no way
oh my god really I just shot two threes
made both of them and the tattoo ravages
imagine how does it gives me to be oh my
phone
God right miRs not hits a three I go
crazy
Patrick Rosen comes back and hits a
three okay Mears it's another three
patterson comes back and hits a fuckin
three well the barn but you know what
sons are up by five with seven minutes
of all people having a three-point
shootout its Mirza and pat paterson two
bigs are you fucking serious is the best
player music up so really quick the
sun's are up five meters and it's a
three right so they go up eight Patrick
Patterson comes down hits a three so
they go back by five years it comes down
right there hits up three and then
Patrick Patterson coming back and hits
another three as I said you gotta make
up with the ball so now the thumbs are
up five like I said with seven something
to go get out DeMarco
first year with the round remark Harold
coming futures and he says he looks like
future guys I'm so scared for this game
the sun's desperately need this
lamenting they've lost four straight
that's our ball thank you that's our
ball yep keep clapping that's our ball
no way how's cory joseph gonna back
bludsoe down and put it up on him GJ go
TJ go TJ hey he's using his elbow blow
your whistle ref you dumbass are you
fucking kidding to get the rebound
the Raptors mace grab the board oh my
god the Raptors mace grab the rebound
it's called a rebound for a reason guys
why the hell's every single son's game
so close my heart is bad because of this
reason Sun's up 306 minutes let's Oh
would you call a fucking foul would you
call Thank You TJ I fucking love TJ
Warren and I told all you guys he was
gonna be a stud and nobody believed me
he's coming off a 28 point game off the
bench Anthony last game TJ Warren had 28
points off the bench he didn't even
start yes he's gonna be a star good deal
and good deal n give that off the TJ or
not night why the fuck would you take a
long-ass - oh my god are you fucking
kidding me I love everything that could
have went wrong Brandon Knight takes a
dumbass - and then he comes back and
gets the ball thrown off him out of
fucking oh my gosh
TJ Warren had 28 points off the bench
last game and he shot 12 for 15 Anthony
what guys the Raptors just tied the game
look at this okay so they miss and of
course the sons are pussy so they can't
get a rebound are you kidding me
tomorrow like what the hell the Raptors
are not missing shots everything they
throw up is going in Oh almost an
and-one for PJ Tucker a tie game with
312 guys I'm not joking when I say the
sons are in close games all the time dad
I see you say it say hi holy shit my dad
is nuts
it looks so nice so far holy PJ clutch
free-throws let's go
are you fucking kidding the fuck out of
me you've got to be fucking joking right
shit I can't stand when players miss
free-throws and clutch situations that
shit pisses me off
fuck no way do they miss a fucking shot
I'm telling you the route through the
shooting over 60% of fourth oh my god
they're hitting everything that goes up
look at the shot how did the rose and
make this I don't want to say it but
that's Kobe esque 220 left the Suns are
down 129 again whoo Edward Markey and
one marquise the only kind of money who
can watch Joey I was like looking at the
floor I was a fakie and one Keith make
your free throw please that's all I'm
asking as you get everything
it's almost 80% just don't be thinking
about your brother well you should do
this you made it barely stands up back
to with 220 guys huh huh community kobe
announced today in a poem that this is
his last season he's retiring him he's
retiring after this season that's crazy
Kobe Bryant's retiring to the rosin now
sitting around the day defeated future
the sons have the seal they called it
foul guys TJ warns closing games out to
help - now let me check how many points
he has off the bench my dad called me
three times just to tell me to record
him up on the ladder if you find
yourself ya have to pee so bad come on
play d sons get that ball fuck yes go
let's go go go go
yes yes thank you
okay Bledsoe got fouled the sun's got
the seal Bledsoe got fouled on the fast
break
bludsoe shooting to gj1 has 14 points
off the bench 14 points and 10 rebounds
14 points 10 rebounds and three blocks
off the bench
TJ stud I that's crazy Kobe you guys
know I hate on the Lakers but honestly
for Kobe Bryant to retire after this
season that's crazy because unless I
hate to say it Kobe Bryant one of the
best players to ever step foot on a
basketball court Kobe bean Brian
don't let these last two or three years
fool you muttering come on just a little
man don't okay so let's go hits both
which is why he's my future husband the
Suns are up four with two minutes guys
if you just started watching basketball
like two or three years ago or you just
started following the Lakers a couple
years ago don't let these few bad years
of Kobe and Raptors match get in your
head Kobe Bryant honestly one of the
best players to ever set foot on this
court and even though you heard rumors
that he would retire after this season
is just crazy that he actually announced
it and you could tell because Kobe
usually played with so much passion you
such a big competitor he played with so
much fire but you could tell that this
season he's just kind of out of it like
his mind isn't really in the game and
you can't blame him the Lakers are
terrible so you kind of saw this coming
but it's so crazy Kobe you had a hell of
a career for all my son's fans watching
this I'm sorry but you gotta give credit
wanting to do and Kobe deserves it
I have to pee I'm hungry I'm trying to
edit this video for you guys and I'm
recording a reaction video and watching
a son's game and I have to steer I can
'then ease up your face
Raptors ball down for the sun's need a
stop here come on Suns hey mom
come on sons one stop Anthony the funds
need to stop here no threes yes yes yes
yes do you see this fist-pumping a
fucking joy right now fuck yeah doesn't
change one score bludso took my face 10
on the shot clock
not on the chuckle yeah yes give me five
give me a fuck
give me a real fun la my so turn it over
fuckin Raptors come right back and throw
the pass away
now my back hurts damn I was so pissed
yes
so blessed I'll turn it over in if they
win holy shit whirring good tonight
come on signs one score here comes at
the time though
markeith with the jumper go - look look
yeah fuck yes
fuck yes PJ Tucker the garbage man I
love you to death one stop and that's
game Phoenix oh no oh no oh no oh no
fuck yes yes I'm stoked
one more for the nail in the coffin five
on the shot clock
pass it up jumper doesn't go beyond oh
with a rebound that's fine the sun's out
by six with 22 seconds that's fine
looking good for the Suns up by six with
22 seconds yes fuck yeah look at this
hustle by PJ Tucker throw it up PJ no
look no look guys the sun's out by five
or 15 seconds but it's the Raptors ball
don't let them score here Wow Wow
you've got to be fucking kidding me you
call that a fucking foul you rest you
bald piece of shit a foul there are you
kidding me go get your eyes checked you
fucker
eleven it says
nice Wow ah Wow
bullshit ref don't miss Lowrey that was
bullshit oh my god the ball bounced off
his knee I want to show you guys the
call of all things you give them three
points okay Bledsoe you got a knockdown
these two free-throws
what are you complaining about it's an
intentional foul fuck stop crying you
just got the most bullshit call I've
ever seen in my life and you're
complaining
he missed the first Anthony come watch
us blow this fucking game that was
bullshit
three to go in a three-point game the
Suns are up by three with ten seconds
Raptors ball
Cory Johnson game 3 do not give them a
three Wow the corner oh ha ha damn fuck
did ya let you know with the
game-winning block look at this Glaxo
with the game-winning block look it go
Bledsoe get up there get up get up get
up take that shit and fucking go home
with the win
thank you very much ah God those tabs
blessed don't hit those free throws
whoo mom a great victory today I'm
editing my Phoenix Suns reaction video
wearing my Phoenix Suns honey because
they want ain't Bosley that is breath
you stink
Minkus went outside to go play some
basketball to shoot around it's 49
degrees my hands couldn't even close to
dribble the basketball my fucking ears
froze my nose started running so I just
ran back inside I played for like three
minutes I'm not I wanted to play guys
that was an epic sons win I was so hot
as you guys saw guys usually see my
depressed meltdowns from the sun's
losing how about one we're all super
hyped up they won eight wins nine losses
so far one game below 500 wait I'm
looking order pizza do it yeah all right
Gilbert song controls sweet Julius
Randle okiya beast his motor his motor
is crazy it's never-ending
35% free throws oh my gosh
Bryan I hate people who don't make free
throws look at I'm gonna win ninety
dollars in FanDuel my brother plays
FanDuel the best
I heard pizza - I know okay he's a 35
percent free-throw shoot we fall asleep
jaesi with the ball kick pg-13 should
change his name to rated-r because he's
been fucking nasty today 31 points I
think all for me yeah right
watch holy shit that box is huge wait I
need a good snapchat with the game on
and stuff help me clear good guys a
phase rock snapchat in the making Bosley
the Lakers are down two with 23 seconds
but you ain't no Laker fan boy you're a
sons fan open it up wipe it up hold the
mother of Jesus wait you got pineapple
not bad
snapchat in the Mickey Oh everyone Colby
just hit a clutch three it's Paul Jordan
makes this let's see Dan Paul George
fucking clutch 106 103 10 seconds left
kobe announces retirement today hmm
guess who's taking this fucking shot
look at it beeps laughing where tests
where tests mister murdered by Brandon
Knight is ankle varies every single
games ankles are probably still broken
from Brandon Knight oh yeah one of the
worst possible for 419 holy crap Kobe
I'm sorry if Kobe hits the three Brian
has to chug the garlic sauce in one sip
I'll do it no Hobie clear ball can you
fucking steal it and hit a half damn
Kobe we spoke too soon hear us i Loki
wanted him to hit that though guys I
hear Bosley crying early morning Bosley
what are you crying about
I think he wants to go and watch the
cards you want to watch the cars let's
go okay yep I knew it here okay careful
oh you got it hold on he just want me to
open the window I'm about to finish
editing my reaction video
