Bosley's stop barking oh my god
you would think an hour like two hours
later he's used to it biggest lad I've
seen my life mom you look okay oh it's
freezing where's my dad Bosley are you
gonna stop barking
I'm recording the ladder say hi for
YouTube yeah
wait this one oh I didn't even notice
this Narnia eye shadow recorded the
whole to him first
mom I like this one better yeah it
matches with it matches with the paint
whoo next time the sons lose blinged
it's down on my head sadly
they've lost four in a row three o'clock
afternoon oh the old one is right there
okay I shouldn't be standing under this
dad for the first time in your life
someone's doing the work and not you my
dad's trying to prolong his life he
doesn't want to die early so finally
finally he's letting someone else do the
work
wait you're in my vlog guys I'm on the
phone with Anthony recording Bosley
getting his face cleaned now Anthony
wants wings and things for breakfast
Anthony I love wings but I don't know
about breakfast I'm not sure if I have
time maybe if we have time guys you want
he has the nerve to ask me to go to the
mall when there's a son's game at 3:00
and it's already 12 actually Anthony we
might have time yeah but you realize if
you realize if I miss one second of the
game that's our our friendship is over
I'm never talking to you for the rest of
my life guys Anthony said that I need to
buy new clothes from the mall cause he's
seeing a lot of repetitive clothing
Anthony said he's not committed to one
girl he just moves on Anthony you think
people call you a fuck-boy in my videos
before imagine now okay Anthony well
hold on I'm up no I'm gonna pick you up
okay see you later fuck boy I love
Anthony my dad's getting his ears
pierced dad for you for me all weird if
it's real I know my phone says 11
minutes to heater Corp which is where LA
Fitness gym is sorry phone but you're
actually wrong this time I'm going to
eat with Anthony he wanted wings but
my eating wings for breakfast so I'm not
sure where we're gonna go there's a
son's game at 3:00 they've lost four in
a row it's Sunday right now their last
victory was last Friday like like it's
been nine days since the Suns won a game
do you know what my body's going through
all my female subscribers when you guys
go through a period and you guys
complain you guys don't know what it
feels like not seeing a Suns way for
nine days honestly they play in Toronto
today Toronto stuff man last night Cory
Joseph hit a game-winning buzzer beater
in Washington I saw that one I mean I
think Toronto won four or five in a row
right now they're on the win streak so
the Suns are gonna try to stop that the
sun's need a victory badly they need a
victory badly that's all I'm gonna say
the game is at 3:00 p.m. you guys I know
some people skip through my like car
parts just because I talk a lot but I
don't care because I just want to say
thank you so much for a hundred thousand
subscribers and I'm trying to think of a
special to do a special video whether
it's drawn my life whether it's a public
prank whether it's a pretty big
challenge I want to do something special
for you guys
100k three months ago I hit 10k and yeah
I understand people find me from my
brother's channel and I appreciate that
because if it wasn't for him there's no
what would you do that to your car I'm
going on a road with like a bunch of
speed bumps and this guy's car was
lowered literally to hell it was below
the floor and he's going on the speed
bumps fucking so slow I feel bad for the
cars behind him yeah I just want to say
thank you guys so so so so much because
every time I upload a video I love
feedback that's as much as I love making
videos I love the feedback more I love
reading the comments I love seeing all
the likes
I love getting tweets talking about my
videos like
what makes me happiest I get some tweets
from you guys where believe it or not
people get the same haircut as me
believe it or not people they tie their
left shoe and don't type that right shoe
until they get on the court just because
I do it and that's crazy like it makes
me so happy knowing that people I should
pay attention to so much details in my
videos but yeah nonetheless I'm super
thankful for you guys a hundred thousand
subscribers I think I'm at 104 thousand
right now but uh I'm not gonna stop till
we hit a million actually I'm not gonna
say that words stop because even if we
had a million imma keep going so I'm not
even gonna say the word stop who knows
where my channels gonna go right now I'm
content with 100,000 hopefully I hate
200,000 300,000 I don't know but just
know that thank you guys all thank you
for watching my brothers videos and
finding me and subscribing you know I
put out good content oh also thank you
for putting up with my sons talk because
I don't know how you guys do it I'm
literally blah blah blah blah blah
non-stop about the sons especially if
you follow me on Twitter like thank you
guys so much thank you guys so much for
everything I'm done that was my little
speech and I could have said way more
but it's fucking hot in my car and if I
keep talking I'm gonna pass out
so on how many times did I say we're not
gonna end up getting wings literally
like we're here at window wings for
breakfast let's go okay we just had
wings and I'm literally gonna throw up
first of all are you yeah me too
and we're going to the mall because we
still have time before the son's game
starts by the way the charger just
fucking one surprise for once for once
there now three and eight which takes
them out of their draft position of
number one so it's not really a good win
honestly but yeah we're watching the
game there was pretty packed as soon as
the charges won everybody fled out did
you really expect the charges to lose
that little yeah the two worst teams you
get killed by the Chiefs 33 to 3 at home
I expected every game you play after
that now let me play some Justin Bieber
that's out flipping me off pumping gas
from Devin Booker and they don't you
hate me why you don't like pumping gas
from Devin Booker scrubbing it like
always we just go to the mall having my
camera down or no yes yes whoo he's
gaining the support of my fans now even
though y'all hate me no they'll love you
now you told me to vlog out the mall so
I'm gonna vlog at the mall
mall vlog before the sun's game Anthony
who's winning the sons named Toronto
Raptors fanatics well the sun's I've
lost four in a row they lose today
that's five in a row because home agree
I would chop five of my toes off if they
lose five narrow I swear oh the license
please three Brandon Knight three
Brandon Knight why there's so many
sevens blue for Tyson Chandler for Tyson
Chandler to Eric Bledsoe way so you're
going for the Victoria's Secret film
yeah yeah Anthony thrown it back those
are nice where the low tops
sighs hey crazy right now
hey but yeah right Muffy picnic no
you're like sighs for rip I have those
Hayley
and then he just ran into his girl I'm
vlogging
and they just walk out with them define
fuck-boy and walk out with the shoes
it was wrong boo can ride the train
can we run the Train I like the high
talk trust me I know what I'm talking
about when it comes to shoes guys this
is why you guys hate guys look at this
orange and purple say I won't buy these
well not today not today we have to go
the sun's game's gonna start nice it
just / 15 extends colors
it doesn't matter anything purple on
orange is nice yes sir sup babe not you
right there a couple of my babes my hos
yeah so I'm not gonna have time to go to
the gym before the Suns game so we had
to make a quick stop right here
Anthony what should I work out some of
that Beckham biceps oh shit I can't do
it on that Anthony can you go out the
front desk for the bar holy holy shit
Anthony and keep those clean yeah just
imagine what you do
just my type okay Anthony done my
workout yeah yeah not really I did two
reps guys I need a camera with a front
camera so I can record myself talking I
feel like you guys don't see me enough
as if you guys want to see me yeah I
need any like why do my fans hate like I
literally like what's so bad about you
Anthony there's your section the cardio
court I can never tell when dogs are
fighting or playing I think they're
playing though he's eating ass Oh yo I
don't think
break it up break it up break it up guys
holy oh my gosh so I come home from the
mall and my dad is fucking putting up
Christmas lights literally dangling by a
thread is my dad the second coming of
God
listen painting fixing my camera fixing
my car
fucking oh my gosh my dad is like oh my
god I love my dad dad
have you heard sit down you're right
keep going I gotta watch the game look
at how many lights oh my god
on my dad's day off I've had to look at
your ass dad go watch the game sons and
Raptors 3 p.m. nope I know dad and they
they don't fit me anymore guys should I
do a shoe giveaway I'll give away one of
my shoes I don't know these onesies our
minds ok for my next giveaway who wants
these yeah Sport their costs for it
ok ball up guys the biggest dumbass move
of 2015 Anthony's playing in his new
high-top air forces and they are you
stupid
oh my god he is oh my gosh drop all the
hate comments below because I approve
all of them right now
nope well guys if you watched my nor my
brothers vlog the hoop is still broken
it's literally sitting at seven and a
half feet right now
rope ripped chain broke all cuz I tried
to dunk we have to get a new hoop this
hoop has been through a lot oh man oh
well seven and a half feet are you
kidding me at least I could dunk now
big feet small big socks
okay Bosley it's time to go inside okay
let's do the outro on trying to watch
the son's game I can't do a reaction I'm
too mad if they lose five in a row there
so we actually would not even be funny
would be just depressing no no if they
lose five in a row the reaction will not
be allowed on you yeah yeah you would
need to find on worldstar first of all
you let's do that just do the outro here
while I bring the ball inside if the Sun
Luke I'm walking anthing my room tying
him to the bed I'm not going to any
sexual acts I'm literally just gonna
beat the shit out of her sure dad my
vlog is done you could work in peace now
okay so any this vlog look did you
notice hmm it's great to be in like a
whore I know if rug shits himself from
the ghost before imagine now son's game
starts in two minutes go watch that I
hope they win I'm praying to the sixth
God that they win new chandelier right
here they're playing the Raptors Drake's
team okay yeah this vault consisted of
going to wings with Anthony going to the
mall with Anthony how bad do you guys
feel for me spending the day with him
and now it's time to watch a son's game
you're not hating people are literally
jealous okay you had some folks put up
the chandelier and my dad doing the
Christmas eyes I'll keep you updated on
the Christmas lights
oh yeah Anthony say thanks for 100,000
subscribers thank you yes almost 900 of
those are haters to me nine hundred
fucking Mennonite he always tells me
every day
oh I Love You Tube I'm so happy yeah and
it's Anthony ever decides to start a
channel go to my any of my descriptions
I'll put a chain
I really don't provide best youtuber out
there thanks whoo I love when I see this
on my phone don't you love that how no
they could tell call them hey Jackie no
one hates Jackie she's too pretty Bosley
so yeah thank you again I already said
thank you in my car but I'll say it
again I'll say it a hundred more times
thank you for a hundred thousand yeah
I'll say the hundred thousand times but
my voice would be dead thank you guys
again thank you for Mantha nee and if he
decides to make a youtube channel I'll
have that in the description maybe in my
next video
let's go time for the son's game goodbye
we got bad the camera quality is guys I
know I already concluded the vlog
earlier but I just finished watching the
son's game and the sons fucking one
that's Anthony um reaction video it's
gonna go up tomorrow I didn't want to
include it in this vlog isn't it crazy
the reaction was crazy the sun's beat
the Raptors I'm fuckin hyped um
I'm fucking stoked so the sun's beat the
Raptors which honestly I kind of doubted
a little in my head but when you have
blood so night I'm done the sun's want
I'm fucking happy you guys could tell
reaction video will be up tomorrow thank
you guys for watching
