I got this I fell asleep last night at
5:00 a.m. so I woke up a little late
anyways happy Thanksgiving everybody
the day's here happy turkey day I'm
trying to go to the gym I feel like they
close at 2:00 p.m. today so I have to
hurry up eat breakfast and go to the gym
my brother is vlogging downstairs happy
Thanksgiving put some football on TV hey
boys hey what's up lug oh this really is
keeping up with your walk I know I would
hate I would kill myself cause my mom
why did you not wish I make that a life
series yeah get big off of it get one
year or I would be I would be Scott
Disick Brian would be Khloe Kardashian
if you had a big-ass mother no their
brother what's his name uh no Rob Oh Rob
dirt bike a said Rob Dyrdek is their
brother Rob Kardashian hey buzzy buzzy
Happy Thanksgiving
okay Thanksgiving breakfast uh-huh
thanks mom
you and I like your onesie and by the
way in my hand it's feeling better from
the snake bite I know they had the
anti-venom at the hospital or if one day
that happened to you I swear I'm not
gonna bleep yeah and I don't blame me
happens to rug you're not gonna believe
it either
there's a story but I can say because
too long I'll kill up to you oh no guys
look what I'm getting myself into the
guy who was drowning for he was faking
drowning and every time he'll help and
they go to health and he laughs and I
swear to god one time he drowned fur and
they laugh at him and he drunk for real
and well we're still gonna be pranking
you huh
now mom happy Thanksgiving thank you
thank you did were you thankful for the
sons lost last night blowing up step mom
they were up by 17 uh-huh
literally blow the game at home I'm they
were up by 17 oh my god God way to ruin
my Thanksgiving son's uh I'll take a few
really for now yeah I want everyone to
smell my breath of the gym
well longest are not staying Jackie
guys look at Bosley ruining Thanksgiving
breakfast no that's a bad do not give it
do not give him an I'll give him
anything
how could you say no to this that's how
I spoiled you guys I used to feel sorry
for you guys handed a no no no please
okay guys given okay guys why want to
know what you want to know why Bosley so
fat it's cuz meaning a look can you see
this face in the hallway standing and
say no look where is my dad okay sorry
sorry guys mom where's dad
oh yeah guys I don't know why just lay
out the camera say mom since we were
kids my brother not just been saying my
mom and my dad weren't yeah no no one's
a dog we're not up and look at our noses
yeah we have the same noses look the
same we just say my dad
Oh mom and also I want you to explain
something really quick because when I
told people how Hugh and Jessica's mom
our sisters and my dad and Jessica's
that our brothers people got so confused
but it's so simple my elbow we're two
sisters married to brother yeah not cuz
- yeah dirt once if they're married
first - Jessica's dad and she got me
into the mess a lot listen so just too
mad let's say it's as simple as this
let's say me and rug married let's say
if you're a subscriber and you're a girl
and you have a sister
me and rug married you guys that's it
that's all it is nobody is marrying
anyone with any type of blood in
waterbury except for Brian he's gonna
marry me and en Amanda yeah I don't give
a fuck if they were real sisters it's a
song it's a song it's a song what you
just said
alright yeah it's a song it's my future
Brian they played it yesterday Weezy Lil
Wayne dropping a mixtape today twenty
four songs three mixing hotline bling
we're yeah three mixing Jumpman yeah is
dropping today some of the songs already
leaked Weezy that name
oh well Wayne no George no mom Lil Wayne
he's dropping a mixtape today yeah you
know ceilings to Z we don't do easy
anymore that was back in your day Dre
that was back in your day I honestly
what are you watching out for Bosley's
protecting our house in case some people
wanna come play games father what are
you gonna do about it let's say somebody
came and tried to rob our house what
would you do Bosley Buckley Mowgli why
guys the sons play the Warriors tomorrow
that's all I could do laugh because of
how scared I am for that game
God knows if we lose by less than 20
that's an accomplishment you look like a
what yeah
guys look out thankful I am for my mom
her son wants to shoot around and play
basketball on Thanksgiving so she's
gonna move her car out the way so I
don't hit it thanks mom
thank you I just want to shoot some
hoops cavity distracted
yeah I'll just messing around I don't
really play in sandals I got my shoes on
now these aren't even basketball shoes
but I don't want to wear my LeBrons on
this dirty street so I'm just playing in
these I'm just shooting around for a
little I decided not to go to the gym
because I think they close out 1:30 and
it's already 12:45 right now so I don't
have enough time and it sucks but I'll
make up for it by just playing right
here for a little you guys I'm pissed if
you're wondering why the hoop is really
low right now and if you're wondering
why the Rope is not connected to the
chain anymore Brian Sheldon I broke it
right off I'll record it off your camera
and show it to them guys my brother was
recording me trying to dunk and the
fucking who broke again horse piss you
ripped a guy's broken
I went from 9 feet to 7 feet with one
dunk so now it knock it down Brian how
long did it take us to put it up like it
took us no more it took us closer to an
hour to find the rope and I chain and
tie it together and get it up 1 dunk
boom down pissed oh let me tell you your
hands are cold
I know here got a one-handed OOP trying
to record at the same time Brian go
oh okay I'm not doing another one my
camera almost fell all right
set go is that about Lu not really good
my god
huh oh fuck my thumbs my thumb sells a
healed fine I don't not even God knows
how Steph creations puts it up here like
he doesn't even shoot fully over his
head he'd be literally like I know love
the way you just just a clean shot egg
what shows better haha guys I found a
solution we have no more rope or chain
but I'm still trying to play so Brian
just to cut like 30 more minutes guys I
was left-handed
Mon nice shorts wait why'd you look sure
wait why'd you look through my card
why'd you look through my car window why
okay mom here hold it
I get one on the left
watch your hands Fedora why oh look
get it slave sub cheerleader sub
cheerleader were you watching this play
what you were outside earlier you were
being bad I had to put you in oh the
doors lock us to go from the garage
Bosley Bosley's literally locked up for
life you're in jail Bosley for pooping
on everybody's yard and not picking it
up he loves when I say this for some
reason you want me to wipe your face
come in let me wipe your face come here
beep illegal hey buzzy hey stop trying
to bike hey what are you smelling Bosley
Bosley no hey
Bosley Brian bother trying to rape me
bother is trying to rape me
cuz there's this funny tweet going
around it's a three picture collection
the first one is my tweet saying got
ruggers birthday gift now put them to
use boy the second tweet is my brother's
video saying best birthday gift ever and
then the third tweet the condom
challenge my brother's video Brian but
you did put one to good use right you
have to answer what the hell yeah Bosley
guys people who was who were watching
the son's game last night and knew what
a crazy clothes game it was they were
tweeting me saying I can't wait to see
your reaction because it was crazy like
the suns gave up not only a 17 point
lead but it was it like a tie game and
the 4th and just a really close game I
didn't get to record my reaction thank
God because mm-hmm you guys it was crazy
I was like on the floor I was so sad
Brian since I didn't get to record my
reaction for the Suns and pelicans game
you were there how was it
yeah they literally like but like no it
was back and forth the final two minutes
and so was my mood buzzy get your butt
upstairs come on get up guys that's
gonna conclude today's vlog with Bodley
in the background Bosley Happy
Thanksgiving
you want some turkey and chicken oh my
gosh Fuzzy's crazy so on yeah the sun's
got the Warriors tomorrow night and as
big of a Suns fan as I am it's the sun's
the Sun somehow when tomorrow that would
be nothing short of a miracle
honestly but seriously Happy
Thanksgiving everyone enjoy your food
don't post pictures on Instagram of your
plate because everyone going to be doing
the same Bosley give a kiss to the
camera goodbye No oh yeah and everyone
enjoy Wayne's mixtape because that shit
drops today guys am I crazy I almost
ended the Thanksgiving vlog without
saying what I was thankful for
first thing I'm thankful for sitting
right there my mom obviously mom were
actually matching late now 5th golden
black golden black my mom stays trying
to be like me but yeah that's a phrase
I'm thankful for I'm also thankful for
my dad who is obviously at work because
when isn't he working even when he's not
at the house he's always working
literally I'm thankful for him I'm
thankful for rug who's singing in the
shower he doesn't have the music playing
this time but trust me singing in there
I'm also thankful for the dude who's
protecting our neighborhood right now
Bosley have you seen anything suspicious
or no no I'm thankful for literally all
my friends I'm going to specifically say
Lauren's mom yeah you can go if you want
bye bye
specifically I'm gonna say I'm thankful
for Lawrence because he's my best friend
but there's so many other friends I'm
thankful for another one who is gonna be
in my video soon he asked me to be in my
video oli I've mentioned him in one of
my other vlogs or maybe - I mentioned
how he's really good at basketball and
there was some comments saying to put
him in my vlogs so I'll leave thankful
for you you're gonna be in one of my
vlogs I'm also thankful for everybody I
play basketball with at LA Fitness cuz
if it wasn't for them I wouldn't be able
to play pick-up games when I want to go
play I'm thankful for my girl Jackie
my beautiful girl Jackie I'm also
thankful for all my family Amanda
Jessica Mandy Clint Anthony Chanel
Stephanie Noor or kin if I'm if I named
all the family I'll stay
before my camera would be dead and I
would probably be dead by the time I was
finished because I Middle Eastern so our
families expand like crazy anyways if I
forgot anybody I'm sorry I'm trying to
rush this vlog I hope you guys enjoyed
that the other video Jesus if you guys
are Middle Eastern you know that parents
talk so loud on the phone my mom is
literally yelling and the phone is on
her ear that's it guys honestly Happy
Thanksgiving I hope you guys enjoyed
this vlog and I'm out
