got this what's up you guys Brandon here
aka bruh wadis and today I'm bringing
you guys yet another prank
on none other than my mom really quick
before cuz I already have all the
footage I'm doing the intro after the
video which is pretty weird because I
don't usually do that but let me just
run you guys through the prank so you
guys aren't confused because this prank
was not planned we were not supposed to
do a prank but me and Jackie were
together one thing led to another and
we're like okay time to prank my mom
what had happened was
me and Jackie looked at my hand and it
was pretty purple it was pretty blue and
we thought it was because of my son cuz
it was jammed at the gym and I was like
there's no way because my whole hand was
purple sounds like there's no way then
we noticed that she was wearing
brand-new jeans blue jeans and I had
rubbed her jeans
so my hand turned like this kinda the
color came off on my hand so we decided
to we were already at Miramar Lake where
there's rattlesnakes so we decided to
prank my mom telling her that I got bit
by a snake
and now my hand is all swollen and
puffed up and that I'm on my way to the
hospital so mom this prank was not
planned but the pieces fell into place
and it had to be done and it's because
I'm rubbing Jackie's jeans and these are
brand new so the colors by coming off I
hope you guys enjoyed this prank here it
is before we get to my mom freaking out
I had snapchat at the same picture I
sent to my mom to my cousin Clint and
you guys have met Clint he's been in one
of my videos before he I got his phone
call on camera so I'm gonna put that in
first and then we're gonna go to my mom
Clint pretty much freaked out Clint
you're watching this you're in my video
obviously you're in my prank you got
pranked and I hope you don't feel too
stupid because this actually looks
believable oh yeah Clint I just wanted
to let you know that you're real because
i snapchatted this - I'd say about 20
different people and the only one who
gave me a phone call was Clint so Clint
yeah I prank you but you're in my vlog
and I'm saying thank you for worrying
about me because it
use a lot when I'm on my way to the
hospital right now well for um at first
I would at first I wasn't going to the
hospital but then did you see the second
snapchat
yeah it's literally like purple and
Clint there's a sign that says caution
rattlesnakes
but like this one did not have a rattle
so I didn't think it was poisonous well
I tried to yeah it feels super none like
I can't I can't even feel it Jackie told
me to feed the snake bread well okay why
did you try and feed us make bread
that's because personally I know clay I
know so that's really like cookie what
is it this okay you're feeding ducks if
you do to make a decidedly different
well she's on me to the hospital right
now so it's too late to even think about
what I did or why I did it and now it's
like don't make sure you're a lot
because I don't want to feel like an
episode of Animal Planet's I shouldn't
be alive and you're like Liverpool knows
pretty good spread know me I'm
definitely I'm definitely not telling
the doctor though I'm just gonna tell
the doctor that I got bit
it can you fix that I'm just soon I'm
just saying that I got big but yeah I
know my hand feels super numb but I'm so
conscious and like I could still breathe
it yeah that's good ally but you know
how poisonous just get explore with it
no that's it the wasn't a pleasure
because it was a pleasure to take it be
dizzy you would it be breathing good I'm
kinda kinda dizzy and my stomach hurts
but not bad girl make sure you're
alright and hopefully they had the
inside interview I could have I just
wanted up did you record it when they
bit you can for you filming or what if I
recorded when it bit me it would get 10
billion views that shit hurts so gnarly
it's your I've gotten so many of you
their YouTube channel is so above the VR
because you have like an actual like
people love to the animal attack
thank you it struck me from 30 feet away
it took the whole piece of bread the
whole piece of white toast
oh my god I'm sorry that all anyways no
better let me go happens up okay thanks
for calling you better than my mom
worries with
and I said I got bit by a snake you see
how it's a little purple so I sent her
the picture she said oh my god what
happened to you then she said hello
don't send me this and not reply are you
okay I'll call you Nana so last needless
and the chocolate supporters are with
Monica College email
it didn't have a rattle or anything it
was like a small snake but there's a
sign that says caution rattlesnake the
time Miramar Lake okay well like bin
zayed hospital because no because Maziar
me I heard the army like okay you're
gonna die
now after keep after rubbing the genes
for more attending to this and I'm and
I'm gonna send her it now in the phone
call she told me to go to the clinic
right away and that the poisonous snake
bit me so now I'm gonna send her this
one guys it looks so bad
look at this I first see it that much at
first we thought it was because my
finger was jammed but then we find out
here's the genes would so I'm gonna send
that to my mom place look at my smokey
these ones are probably size four they
say actually four and a half who okay I
sent and now I sent her the last one and
I'm gonna say oh my god and now we wait
when she asked who came up with this a
wasn't no I'm gonna tell her no mom this
was Jackie's idea huh ah I'm going to
the clinic brilliant random come on look
great nothing yeah and they got worse
button enough like I'm not yes here
anything is just my hand is super puffy
now it's worse than when I saw you the
first picture Oh a little harder pls a
model of the know Jackie's driving oh
yeah keen eyes I know this is oh my god
I did I mean none of the same I am a
kabob and animation are using me to be
all sniffs no mom sign ups on scripts
medical center
and wait they would take me right away
no for clinically other urgent care I
honestly pump we were literally feeding
the Ducks prey and he came out of
nowhere and all that friend that
abundant haha no party have you already
know how much I hate snakes
oh yeah I'm on the manatee does he would
feel pain of the decision of went out
because at first it was literally mom we
saw it was my you know how I heard my
son playing basketball okay yeah okay no
it's for sure I felt and there was some
blood too oh I don't know my dad don't
tell my dad I know I even i sat in the
picture to Clint and he called me right
now and he said like I'll go to the
hospital like that right away like oh my
golly they how much longer stimulated my
mother sees and in like 10 minutes and I
thought that prank
I'll keep you at home he let you do
literally to look at the picture it's
really bad I just thought that this
couldn't and I got soaked there's my
heart is beating and we can develop a
plan of go
I'm full bundle under hood nothing I can
picture a second that's why I got really
scared
that's the only reason I'm going after I
tell you the first picture Mary I'm not
going to the hospital because it wasn't
that bad and now it's really cause if I
said I knew that her on employment no
I'm not getting the scripts medically
mmmm navigation hold on before you leave
the house it's a prank
mom it's a prank
all I was doing the camera here you
would feel not doesn't wobble oh my god
and then Jackie went on with it okay
oh no Club and I really wanted one so
bad fine fulfill me I'm not gonna bet
easy Tam new jeans and so when you
rather then like you know when you rub
on your new jeans that you get one that
like yeah so it was coming off for some
reason mom but I wasn't rubbing her
jeans
I don't know yeah you were rocking
entered thank you
you better stop doing this to me haha
baby now I really feel poison
fuck wait till I break him she's
literally I'll break up with you that's
getting cut that no I'm not hanging out
did you guys see that
did you guys know what she said actually
life I prank Brandon it would be so good
he would get a heart attack so I'm not
allowed to break him
were you gonna prank it with Oh cut my
cable in there too son team I'll really
wake up you guys there's something no I
didn't think of another day no no don't
even put that in your head there's a
son's game in two and a half hours I'm
so hyped I hope you guys enjoyed this
prank um my hand feels better
he's so fake okay bye bye I'm getting
cut that up I'm not hanging out did you
guys see that
did you guys know and she said he said
don't bring actually knife I prank
Brandon it would be so good he would get
a heart attack something on a lot to
break him were you gonna prank him with
Oh cut my cable and their two sons came
out really break up with you guys
there's something no I didn't think of
another day no no don't even put that in
your head there's a son's game in two
and a half hours I'm so hyped I hope you
guys enjoyed this prank um my hand feels
better
okay bye
