got this lovely you want me to take you
out okay let's go outside come on guys
it's Tuesday morning right now 10:00
a.m. Bosley nope wrong way we're going
this way
it's 10:00 a.m. if you're wondering why
I'm not at school it's because it's
Thanksgiving break and I'm hyped no
school yep I am doing a vlog today also
I forgot my shoes so I'm about to go out
here with no shoes
get out buzz it go literally the weather
is perfect right now it's like 75
degrees the Sun is out it's not even
that hot whop
I just stepped on something so yeah it's
Thanksgiving break I'm off this whole
week and I don't know if you guys
remember but I've told you guys about
lunchtime basketball I used to play all
the time they play from 11 to they play
like from 10:30 to 1:30 and I should
play all the time during my summer break
but then school started and I have
classes but now doing things hitting
break I'm gonna go back there and play
every day so that's where I'm headed in
a little hey are you going to go poop I
promise I won't record you but you have
to get it out
guys Bosley loki looks skinny or no oh
shit i just stepped in water right there
Bosley would you hurry the fuck up guys
last night the sun's got demolished by
San Antonio but if you follow me on
Twitter I was already expecting a loss
and then Eric Bledsoe was ruled out
because of a sore left knee so what I
was already expecting a loss I already
like after Eric Bledsoe was ruled out it
was a I knew they weren't going to win
so there was no point to do a reaction
video there was no point to get my hopes
up lost lost seven and seven we lost two
in a row now our next two games are the
pelicans and dun dun dun the Golden
State Warriors we play them on Friday
that's gonna be not sure if that's going
to be too pretty buzz Lee would you go
poop please guys that prank on my mom
yesterday well my mom and dad but that
shit was gold I swear my mom put that
one out let it out good boy okay now we
can go inside you want to go inside
let's go
oh you skipped one like I said kind of
live it ten eleven they start playing
around 10:30 or 11 o'clock so I'm gonna
be leaving my house soon
gotta get my elite socks on my shoes and
change my shorts because I'm not feeling
these right now guys I just wanted to
say thank you to skilled stuff comm
specifically Wesley who sent me and my
brother t-shirts it's a new clothing
line a fashion company that they just
opened it reads my name is Wesley from
scold SOCOM I want to wish a happy
birthday to Brian and go sons to Brandon
thank you we started a fashion company
just recently in November our story here
skilled pretty much talking about
everything why their slogan is skilled
and he says as a gift is two t-shirts a
small for Brian a medium for Brandon and
for you guys if you guys want to shop
there you can use promo code codes rug
or bro waters for 10% off everything in
the store and the web site is skilled
stuff calm this t-shirt is sick so Thank
You Leslie and thank you skilled stuff
comm we both appreciate it very much and
you guys if you guys want to shop there
use our promo codes 10% off guys really
quick before I go to the gym I just want
to say that I have not worked out ever
since last Thursday by working out I
mean lifted I haven't lifted weights for
today would be the fifth day because of
my thumb I mentioned in a video earlier
if you guys saw that I hurt my thumb
playing basketball got kind of jammed
and I've been playing basketball and
even some of the days I worked out my
legs but today I'm going to try to work
out my chest because no it's been too
long and my metabolism goes too fast so
I lose weight and I burn muscle easily
mm-hmm and I'm not with that I have to
work out today even if it hurts I'm
gonna push yeah I don't care
and but first I'm gonna go play
basketball so I'm gonna be at the gym
for like four or five hours I'm gonna
ball up for two hours and work out for
about an hour and a half so not that
long but yeah my thumb I'm not even sure
if it's my thumb it's more down here
kind of the thumb and the
and if it keeps hurting I'll get it
checked out before now I feel like it's
just jammed so um my dumb ass is going
to go play basketball and lift remember
guys left you tied right shoe doesn't
get tied till we step on the court it's
just a routine by the way I want to show
you this beware I spilled Jamba Juice on
my carpet yesterday my mom was gonna
beat my ass just look at this holy shit
it was so bad and the carpet cleaner I
don't know if you remember from one of
my vlogs he came a few weeks ago and my
carpet was perfect and now there's that
so i'ma just blame Jamba Juice honestly
fuck you Jamba Juice guys so like I said
I was going to gym to play that's all I
just got back I fucking fucked up my
thumb again I was on like I told you
guys I was gonna play basketball then I
was gonna lift I didn't even make it to
the lifting part because while I was
playing basketball my thumb is still
like weak and sensitive but I thought I
could play cuz I played yesterday
literally like someone barely hittin it
mm-hmm the shins annoying and it hurt
like I don't know I couldn't even lift I
just played bass by my left after that
happened I was only there for like two
hours um literally there's an easy
solution to all this I just need to rest
I sit and don't watch the gym for like
three or four days but I'm too stubborn
I like playing bass I like shootin
around I like working out I like lifting
but yeah this year is definitely jammed
anyways I'll be back at the gym tomorrow
but uh on another note I went to
chick-fil-a after the gym and I wasn't
that hungry so I was just gonna get like
three or four chicken strips so I got
three chicken strips and then the grill
out the window was like oh we have some
extra biscuits if you want so I got one
two extra biscuits shout out chick-fil-a
you real now I gotta enjoy these house
food is better when it's free I don't
care what anybody says that's the truth
oh okay so Bosley just saw my mom get
home
father come on let's go buy my mom come
here
calm down bug Li okay she's coming look
she's coming to you is that my mom Lucia
I saw your car what'd you call me yeah
look mom yeah that remind me of spotty
shit wait for the next vacation you go
so I can't folk arty well believe me I
have Mary Lou next door but she's my
friend she's the homie I know yeah she
covers for me guys so you guys don't
even believe how many comments tweets
messages whatever how many I get telling
me to put my girl in my vlogs I've
literally gotten like hundreds Tommy oh
when is your girl going to be in your
vlogs when are you going to show us your
girl Baba you guys have heard me talk
about her but you've never seen her in
my vlog did you follow me on snapchat or
Instagram or Twitter then you guys have
probably seen her there but she's never
been in my vlog and she texted me today
she said you want to go to Target I said
yeah but I'm vlogging so I'm bringing my
camera and she said okay that's fine
I'm about to go see my girl you guys are
going to meet her for the first time but
let me warn you guys she's literally
beautiful like if you look up the word
beautiful in the dictionary right now I
guarantee you there's going to be a
picture of Jackie under the deck
just don't say I didn't warn you guys
when you guys see her but um I know what
she wants from Target honestly I think
it was just an excuse because she wants
to see me but uh guys are going to be
here and I know you guys are excited
because of how many times you guys tell
me you guys probably think she's a ghost
because you guys have never seen any guy
think I'm lying about all this
babe say hi guys I told you she was
beautiful
we're getting air fresheners for our
cars are you sure this one's it though
yeah that one's a cologne one chug it
chug it you guys I'm dressed like a
squirrel you're so dressed down okay to
her Oh check this mm-hmm check it did
it's literally okay I'm saving the
Lasser for you no I don't want it I
don't want it so she gets to drink
Starbucks while I drink the nastiest
protein what dose she had a list of like
10 million things so I guess it wasn't
just to see me and baby everybody wanted
to meet you hello everyone this is me
ya know we're not trying promote
anything is just a day in my life a day
in your life he's like known for that
lucky lost random like flaws in videos
uh-huh he does he does of you oh that's
cool haha thank you which is happy what
there's some funky because it was just
lucky I mean I was like okay can I help
you and this is why you bring your
camera everywhere because oh yeah I get
the purple one she's getting purple for
the Suns she loves Christmas time just
cuz she wants gifts from me
they don't have blue oh joy cuz I'm
joyful
definitely not this because you don't
cook from me I know everyone knows I
love fast food
she literally eats McDonald's before she
before she folds anybody with her nice
body she's McDonald's hey Don this is
good for you uh in the past week
probably like five times you guys how
late Nicki Minaj face what is this what
a time of course we've been in the
makeup section the longest kill me
please I'm just joking about okay I
learned that there's a bunch of
different brushes for mascara there is
this one that I can't say what it looks
like there's that one this one the tip I
learned that this one I learned that the
hardest part of lashes are the back and
the front it's hard to make them curved
it's hard to make them pop out okay okay
tell me what you learned about the sun's
Eric Bledsoe is my baby daddy mm-hmm
mine too
I'm showing a little too much skin right
there she don't mind coping better I are
at suppose do you whose shoe game is
stronger or should I say sandal game hey
guys literally look how small actually
big these are like they're big on me
like my toes right and what are they for
actually five five don't be rude to me a
shoe game is low-key strong high key
so Jackie bought me a air freshener I'm
not sure what she was trying to tell me
that my car smelled like sherry
something but she bought me this so show
them what I bought you
hmm I bought her M&Ms to share inside
the huge ones she's trying to get me fat
so no guy looks at me like that's
literally my goal I bought a few
McDonald's M&Ms everything in her way so
she could go fine no one looks at her my
mom's like alone it looks so good you
guys if you ever won your car smell
really good why this tell them why you
got it because what it smells like a guy
so he never tells me you'll never get
mad at me cause like you never know so
when there are dudes in her car without
me and then I walk in and be like oh it
smells like I do it she'll just be like
yeah look I have the air freshener and
that's what he gets for me being his
side bitch because he says I'm not but I
am she's no never takes me out to eat
like a normal boy he never puts me on
YouTube total because I told him to just
clean he's actually pay me $50 Simon
literally she's the biggest wire you'll
ever move I mean yes yesterday I forget
to sound yesterday she said babe I'm
going to LA for two weeks
she gave me dates she said December 17th
to December 31st so I'm not gonna see
you I was like I was like sad I was like
okay she literally never told me she was
so mad at him side didn't tell him I'm
in this okay she got mad at me let me
tell you I should be mad at her I
literally she hasn't nerve to watch a
son's name with me you guys know what a
big deal that is the son's game starts
literally five minutes later I look at
her and she's passed out she's literally
sleeping like I was I was literally like
babe babe babe and she'd answer me so
when like you guys already know how I
got the TV when the sons play but she
was asleep so I was literally like
whispers screaming I was like he was so
mad for like shifting and it's like when
I woke up he's like are you fucking
kidding me love with South Korea stop if
you ever see this he would probably take
it out okay I'm sorry
is your light-skinned puppy Steph no
you're not and you better not try
anything first of all he's Mary okay I
don't trust dudes that's gonna conclude
today's vlog pretty much today's vlog I
just I got free chick-fil-a free
biscuits I fucked up my thumb again ball
is life what can you do
and you guys ought to meet my girl guys
fuck up my screensaver
you're too close
are you can see and guys listen
she's the side chick look at her
screensaver show them okay we got my
screensaver who's who's the side one now
can you guys please tell Brendan to stop
listening to fucking study waters I'm
telling you just trash music smell fence
Fetty like I like him but it's just like
that's all he plays good guys me in
saying like I can't listen to a Fetty
anymore oh my gosh what
and then I locked the door so she can't
leave the car
okay well see she loves it on this and
she's a lawyer that's it for today's
vlog I hope you guys enjoyed comment if
you guys want to see her in more of my
vlogs which I'm sure you guys do
actually comments you guys want to see
me pranker so I'll really break up with
him so not gonna be any pranks involving
Jackie just so you guys know bye guys
hey guys thanks for watching leave a
like comment I know I'm funner than
Brendan so it's fine to say that to go
Sons say it guys the sons are playing
the Warriors on Friday and she literally
has the nerve to be talking about Steph
Curry for like the past 10 weeks I'm
done that's it I'm Rita day yeah oh yeah
guys I forgot to make unless um why'd
you have to do it after I do it if you
guys are wondering cuz it like she's so
beautiful so you guys are wondering like
how did you even get her if you guys
want know the trick I didn't even know
her but I followed her on Twitter and I
slid in heard the ends and I was like
wait what was it again I slid in her
d-ends and I was like I said girl you're
thicker than a bowl of oatmeal and from
then she was just like holy shit and she
gave me her number started hanging out
with me it's that easy guys don't go in
someone steals and say that who says
that guys I just dropped Jacky off and
look
how rude she leaves her trash in my car
oh yeah honestly I hope you guys enjoyed
I know you guys want to see their and
more of my logs but uh I'm glad you guys
finally got to meet her and tell me I'm
not the luckiest dude on this planet now
that she's gone I can listen to Fetty
WAP in peace
