got this what is going on you guys
Brandon here and today I'm bringing you
guys another prank this prank is gonna
be done to my parents who are out of the
house right now both parents are out of
the house because this morning my mom
and dad woke up they came to my room and
my dad told me that he was gonna take my
mom out like for the whole day we
imagined like a mini-vacation for one
day I think they're going out to eat to
the movies to the beach they just
they're gonna be out all day it's it's 2
o'clock right now they're still out and
they told me they're gonna be out for a
couple more hours when they left the
house you know they had a little talk
with the troublemaker which is myself
you know simple rules don't bring
anybody over the house do not throw a
party do not get drunk with your friends
just just don't be stupid okay and you
know I'm just like yeah yeah I know I
know well mom dad you know this is a
prank house so when you go out all day
you should expect to come home getting
pranked and you're gonna get pranked by
your drunk
child I'm not really gonna be drunk but
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna have my
best friend like alcohol I'm gonna have
some low eyes I'm gonna be stumbling
when they get home and you know I'm just
gonna act like I didn't know they were
coming yeah I'm gonna go up to them and
be like oh I thought you guys weren't
coming for a few more hours like I'm
just gonna act drunk my parents hate
when I drink and I'm not saying I drink
but they just hate like when I go out to
parties and come home kind of tipsy like
they don't like that they tell me not to
do it and I listen to them except for
this one time when I'm gonna be drunk so
um I'm gonna get a reaction out of both
my parents and they're not gonna like it
but I'm doing this for you guys um this
prank should be funny I can't wait for
them to come home I'm gonna have the
alcohol set up downstairs time to open
maybe some cups around and I'm gonna
have two cameras recording so on this
should be fun let's see how it goes
you guys it's 335 right now and at 305 I
texted my mom saying how much longer she
said 40 minutes so they should be home
pretty soon and I texted her saying how
much longer just so like
I can make her think that I'm doing
something because she always assumed
when I asked her hey mom are you gonna
be home tonight or hey mom what time are
you gonna come home she just assumed
that I'm doing something wrong
so on pretty soon mom dad you're gonna
be coming home to your drunk kid and not
just drunk but drunk as drunk as fuck
hey guys
juggling is the garage just open that
you guys can tell from Bosley hearing
him waiting for them we're home early
yeah really high like the doctor wah
if dr. claw left with that report on you
alright that's a block liquid that
before hundred huh what do our mother
clean bathroom how's everything good how
about you behind you brother I will come
later I really talking about come later
I swear mom yeah that's right I don't
fucking know the fuck is that
mom I can't smell something you're bad i
injury any other ones then
now you say hallo I didn't do anything I
swear
that's where I got smelled in a frickin
bed that's where I got smell they're a
freaking bed right anything okay that's
like the middle of some of that but no
more no more they like the mess
welcome dad
oh so if you're not coming now you drink
whatever you want
what why you thinking I don't you don't
think anymore I'm lying in bed right
aren't you gonna drive hard I love this
is it that's for you
balrog Mina yeah don't drink or Nothing
module how are you tonight I say okay
it's a prank it's a prank look at one
camera here and there's one camera right
there it's right there you can smell my
breath
watch your nose you can I didn't drink
one shot okay I've literally started up
you think I would be this stupid to set
it up right here in front of God I
texted you when you were come on when
you want to excited when I win yeah okay
oh yeah I gonna drink anymore why do you
believe my don't guys so I might take a
few weeks to rest my arm because my mom
is violent I'm not I'm just like I was
shocked I go one day we go out I had two
cameras recording for you guys for both
angles okay was that good bad what a fun
way to come home well now that we're all
laughing cheers everyone how's the house
looking clean oh yeah did you guys have
fun house I told them I was surprising
my dad took you out I'm just joking for
one whole day to no more than three
people recognized me there is barely
anybody recognize me here but they're
really quick how much do you love me
still after that prank so goping the
bottle we'll go drink eight mom okay
well that's definitely assigned to end
this prank I hope you guys enjoyed mom I
hope you enjoyed my dad lately has no K
in the world he just doesn't even care
mom dad we're doing the outro what did
you think Dad
okay well say goodbye until the next
prank bye
