got this what's going on you guys
Friday morning right now it's not even
10:00 a.m. and I'm already leaving the
gym which means I've already had a UH
I've already had a productive day I came
here to work out all gonna work out my
chest and triceps but my thumb is still
fucked up so like I was trying to push
the weights and I couldn't even do it so
I just did like a light shoot around
I shot around for like an hour and it's
like 9:45 and I'm already going back
home so I can't complain every time you
get the gym out of the way early it's a
productive day so now I have the rest of
the day to do whatever I want I mean
obviously there's a son's game at 6
o'clock so I got to be home for that but
anyways today's already been a good day
I'm about to go grab me some breakfast
go back home go see what the family is
up to my mom rug Bosley my dad's at work
you guys already know when I said
you guys already know when I said I was
going to get me some breakfast that I
met a burrito come on now I'm gonna hang
out with Lawrence today of course Friday
and Polly meet up with Jessica Kaelin my
brother Amanda I don't know yet we'll
see my plans are always last second like
it's 10:00 a.m. we got no plans for
tonight but you already know we're gonna
end up doing a bunch of shit Brian did
you use the gift yard that's coming
tonight he had to save it for a Friday
I hate Bosley he never stepped foot in
my room not one time but of course when
there's food and he smells the fucking
meat hey why'd you come in here just to
say hi to me no huh in 20 more minutes
you're gonna get your own food the dog
food but not not a burrito from
Santana's you can't have that I Love You
Father I love you hey hey oh you were
yawning you weren't trying to bite me
huh why are your eyes so red what were
you doing earlier huh huh
what were you doing earlier and with you
oh you don't want to look me in the eyes
now huh caught up
my mom doing the dirty work around the
house what a great mom mom can I vacuum
once can I've a queue once
go go go go keep going
look there live
laughs I will
the moral of that scene was if you're
trying to wife me do not expect me to do
any vacuuming or any of that type of
work around the house bugling come here
at the vacuum
public ballsack just fucking dropped
guys so recently Bosley has been trying
to get tan look at this bog Lee this so
this is what he does this door is
usually closed okay and starting like
last week he'll stand by the door he'll
like bark or something until we open it
and we'll open it as if he has to go pee
because he usually pees in the plants
over there he'll it we literally open it
and he sits right here in the Sun and he
tans
Bosley why do you like sitting in the
Sun is I even cold
it's hard today why do you like sitting
in the Sun it's okay I'll come out in
ten with you let me put my camera down
we can listen to Fetty WAP we can listen
to Future Drake and then I'll tan with
you okay
you want some sunscreen or no guys well
my dad was painting the house Bosley ran
into the wall and we cleaned most of it
but look he still has some paint on his
ear he had like a whole stripe right
here and now there's someone is here
boggle you really ran into the paint
you're clumsy
oh I heard footsteps so I knew it
Bosley your tanning time is done either
now or did you get sunburned
you want to leave it curly okay you look
really tired you can go to sleep come in
1:21 p.m. Friday afternoon should be
meeting up with Lawrence in like an hour
Bryan with the daily grind never mind go
up rug is taking a shower and I hear 30
watt blasting
Brian Brian you can't even hear me it's
so turn in there how was your shower
turn up I recorded some of it what's it
okay I'll see you later
oh no Brian the garage is open in Basel
downstairs
oddly Oh No
Bosley get inside go inside Bosley go
inside please come on good boy
I never knew Brett I literally didn't
know loafs of bread could walk Bodley
you're you're an advanced loaf of bread
I don't see this one walking go go go
Bosley just found his soulmate I swear
Bosley that's you hey okay no my mom's
gonna get mad no rug why'd you take my
spot 20 minute parking we gotta go my
dad hand washing dad you don't believe
in car wash huh like going up and down
hand wash hand wash car wash and wash
his hand not just any hand God look at
Bosley do you guys go off when I wash
the whole time
really yeah clean Mazda Bosley what Dad
the sun's playing 20 minutes at Denver
yep
Bosley what are you crying hey why are
you dressed up for this boredom boredom
the sons play in 22 minutes
oh we don't need any Laker fans dressed
up for us don't worry Yeah right I'm
excited to watch the sunset yeah there's
my dad okay you guys can't see him but
Bryan and Lawrence went to the mall and
I came back home because I have to watch
the son's game obviously sons verse
nuggets pop oh my gosh his interviews
are hilarious
oh my god if I was a reporter I would
never asked to interview pop I swear oh
shit
the 1 and 11 New Orleans pelicans oh
shit pop Artie call the time pop is
pissed yeah the one in 11 New Orleans
pelicans against the San Antonio Spurs
no mom not only does my dad do the dirty
work around the house like the paint and
washing cars he also does the paperwork
is that a big deal
well he does he's the legend oh wow does
he the friend didn't want anything from
dead uh no a sons win would be nice
that's all I ask for Bosley they're
playing Denver we just beat Denver by 25
points six days ago that's why it's
scary because because we beat them in
Phoenix by 25 and now we're playing them
in Denver chicken make your chicken babe
what is this mom can you make me one of
these please okay you want the main-yard
oh uh you guys are wondering why Bosley
sitting and so focused a new toy Hey
sadly Bosley say it say it you want this
to giraffe
okay easy go go Bosley you can have as
long as you let me watch the son's game
in peace eight five Phoenix Bobby that
toy is too big for you know fathers
probably gonna rape the toy when he's
when the toy is sleeping guys one minute
with Bosley's toy and he already ripped
it that's that it's not a dog toy it's
just a stuffed animal so I shouldn't
have gave it to him but I felt that so
bye dad - piranha no don't worry Bodley
you can leave father I'll get your toy
ah yeah I felt that so I mean thought
Bosley another sustainable guys so the
sons look ugly
Cassandra up 17 to 11
okay 17 to 11 guess what the score is
now 29 to 17 fucking 1800 run for Denver
18 - nothing run in four minutes we're
up 17 11 now we're down 29 to 17 okay I
want to say something really quick with
the sun's down fifteen with two minutes
to go in the second quarter I wanted to
say that hold on my god are you fucking
kidding me just got out hustle
honestly like yeah the sun's flew from
Phoenix to Denver but I think they left
their fucking basketball town on that
airplane because this is fucking
embarrassing you're playing the team you
just beat by 25 points so yeah they're
coming out mad revenge whatever but
there's no way the Sun should be playing
like this is it's terrible like I said
they're down 15 now 14 they're down by
14 with two minutes to go in the first
half and it just looked ugly the Sun
will need to wake up right now before
it's too late
that's 2012-2013 down 11 with a minute
and a half left in the second quarter
Denver Bowl record my reaction for last
minute and a half do you guys love that
shit take the cover oh my god the
fucking draft report said Emmanuel
mudiay cannot shoot fucking hitting
jumpers tonight here's why you don't
read draft express all for love god you
fucking piece of shit
refs he's fuckin moving just cuz the way
this game is going and Denver has all
the momentum Dave are obviously gonna
fuckin count offensive foul
forget the shirt get the ball to loose
ball Denver's getting all the loose
balls
mudiay with another jumper oh my god
they called a fucking foul holy shit
Eric what did I do
holy shit balls and cover your ears
because I'm gonna be cussing a lot three
fouls for Tucker oh god shut er yeah the
sun's fuckin whatever they used to be
good at basketball they forgot that shit
on the plains before and it's too late
to get it back they better wake up right
now Tucker
23 seconds left Denver ball but they
only have ten on the shot clock
cake right it's a good screen moody 8x
I'm moody a piece of fuck has he ever
missed his shine is life nine seconds
remaining Gary Harris on branded night
there we got it
um Brian Lawrence is already knows them
all of you guys to watch this possible
around performance with 12 million years
at HD 349 what a mess
guys Bosley's a fucking thug Bosley was
that around your neck huh what is that
huh
look at me boy Bosley he's dropping his
mixtape next week what's it called
Bosley pug life sup little dude what do
you think of the son's game so far
terrible ha ha ha shooting tonight guys
fucking moody a ten-point lead for
Denver
mudiay has tied his career-high Phoenix
now yes
29 for 3 the sun's cut the lead to 7
they're only down seven
Emmanuel mudiay curve has 18 points
which tied his career high and there's
still six minutes left in the fourth
boom - Chandler and yo kitch got into it
Tyson Chandler just pushed him Chandler
goat goat who fucking staring him down
staying down the rookie pussy
damn Chandler elbowed him in the back
okay as I was saying I get fuckin side
charts so easily Emmanuel mudiay at 18
which ties his career high and it's only
halfway through the third quarter of
course this shit happens against the
sons of course he's literally hitting
everything he's 8 for 13 from the field
he's knockin jump shots amanda moody is
a slashing point guard he does he drives
he hits layups
he's fucking hitting jumpers from all
over the court guys look at this boom
Chandler's about to get a team maybe
even ejected he's getting a technical
for sure yeah they were down by 18 they
cut all the way to 7 like all I asked
please I'm asking God and asking the
Cylons and asking NBA refs
I'm asking fucking fags rag I'm asking
everybody just don't let the sun's come
all the way back just to lose it at the
end either lose it right now so I don't
get my hopes up or come back and
complete the comeback and win this game
1 times my first time sitting down in a
while the Suns are down by 6 with 2
needs to go in the third let's--oh just
in a 3 now it's the Suns ball let's go
with the layup yeah fuck yes Suns are
down by 4 with a minute 48 the Suns were
down by 18 this game they're down by 17
or 18 no Gallinari for 3 yes he made
John lower with the fucking rebound guys
I'm sorry for all my cussing I just get
really hot yes
foul on Denver let's go sorry for all my
cussing honestly like when it's a normal
day in my life
I don't cuss but when the Suns play I
just can't help it like the words are
like installed in my body and they just
blurt out honestly I love Eric Bledsoe I
love Alan I love Tyson channel I love
Devin Booker I love Brandon I love PJ
Tucker I love Jeff hornacek I love
Bosley
so the sun's still down by 4 with a
minute 10 in the third no way Gallinari
you're not Gallico be your Gallinari
what else for Booker why'd you take that
less than a minute to go in the third
John lower to PJ Tucker Alex leveled the
jumper
yes Suns down by 2 45 seconds left in
the third
I'm so happy my neighbors probably
fucking hate me right now but I don't
give two shakes
Jameer Nelson with the drive MIT oh my
god you piece of shit Jameer Nelson
missed 11 Darrell Arthur jammed at home
I wish I knew how to record my reaction
with something and then record the TV at
the same time but I don't know if I have
now oh my gosh you literally cut it to
two with 40 seconds and then you you
give up a dunk and a turnover hey you
didn't step out please no yes
uh-uh okay so the sun's are down by 4
going to the 4th there is nothing more
than could have asked for
I swear yeah I want to record my
reaction and the game at the same time
but I don't know if I have the device to
do that honestly quit buzzy how are you
going to sleep it's a great game Suns
down by two with 8 minutes and they have
the ball Joel or 4:3 just fuck yes the
sun's take the lead oh my god I'm so
like right now 1750
if first leaks in 1715 you have Denver
misses come on when night dribbling down
those grand a night for 300 sons
offensive rebound read a night another
three yeah okay but yes let's go let's
go
hell yeah Bosley is so scared right now
Bosley I'm sorry I'm just excited okay
it's okay buddy it's okay the sons are
winning guys the sons are up six now
with less than seven minutes to go
Brandon Knight is fuckin bawling I'm
telling you guys Brandon Knight and Eric
Bledsoe that back core is underrated
they're the second bed back around the
league right now and I dare someone to
debate me if you want to debate me with
Dwyane Wade and gorn draw gauge or
fucking John Wall a brad beal or my
brother's here listen
hahaha
they're singing to me guys you want to
see something cute look Bosley Lawrence
and Bryan are here you want to go buy
them come on let's go by Lawrence and
Bryan what why are you crying you want
to see Lawrence and Bryan hey you want
to go go there in the garage go good boy
go I woulda came down to do but I have
to watch the game go want to go there in
the garage look guys this one's out by
fucking ten points ten fucking points in
four minutes and I Florence tell them
tell them what just happened bruh
here's it to let a bitch hit a tree and
they're ending I hit a corner three put
this on my fucking ten Oh God
you doing when they were down by 18 I'm
fucking their skills gonna listen guys
hold on boys ladies hey guys me about
how I hurt my son like I dreamed it when
Brandon shut up
then when shut oh look one Brandon I hit
that three I slammed my door from
happiness and that shit hurts so bad
about not well guys the sons were down
by 18 now they're down now they're up by
10 with 4 mins left to the 4th
miRs I hit a three we're not have to
force Brandon zones listen let's get
bribery Brian and Laura at the mall yeah
Brian and Lawrence were at the mall
playing with I play dog different dogs
at North County Fair and I'm smelling
yeah at the pet store I'm Bosley's going
crazy bazi listen Brian wait let me see
him let me see him smell then I'm sorry
I can't bring it all for you yeah I got
you a present
Brian I think you're gonna have to use
the condoms on Bosley buzzing I have it
right here
I have it in him just in case if you
wanted to pipe it up at the mall pop it
up at the mall Ozzie this hole on my
face Brian Brandon I have 35 points ten
rebounds six or six-thirty five yeah ten
rebounds and six assists hey Laurence
you're getting out of my house right now
guys I'm telling them why I'm wondering
if you're wondering why only
Union when the sun's made that come back
and took the lead I swear my door I
started running on the house might not
even know where my earring ah I don't
know where the Baptist I can't put it
back in my chain came off crazy I'm a
crazed fear if I thought that we
actually began ng Fela before and I met
when I possibly would go three I
possible Brian Met fans at the mall and
and these are complex right guys if the
Sun score here that's game
Brian abandon nice to the right Ben
tonight if you pull up oh come on
oh well blood so Ronnie price but that's
Ronnie price that's Ronnie price
Lawrence it's Ronnie price who's our
backup point guard right you're not my
guys Bosley keep smelling them because
they were playing with the pets I fuckin
love the song so much so it's not he's
just going crazy because you guys played
with so many other dogs guys I'm so
fuckin hyped right now
Suns high 61 236 in the second half this
is so crazy I'm so hi guys the warrior
just won again that's crazy
14 and oh guys time oh my god oh my god
what the fuck you fucking what the fuck
just happened Lawrence you saw that as a
holy shit right in front of rugs room
two words
nice ass look impa's really sleeping
next to you is wait Lawrence what the
fuck just happened
Brian wait til you get out of the
bathroom you guys it is 6:03 a.m. and no
we are not just waking up what are we
doing Lawrence in the city are talking
we're about to go to sleep out the Sun
is fucking coming out this is crazy we
can't stay up this late
uh I'm so hyped the sun's one lines tell
them to tell them what I do to give at
my my earring fell out my chain fell off
you and crazy yeah I slammed the door my
finger got worse I ran across the whole
house it was all so
hi I am pawsley father's waiting for a
rug to get out of the bathroom I wonder
what rug is doing in the bathroom at
this time really quick
Bren and I have 38 points Eric let's add
20 to that 60 points combined my case
being made once again that there is only
one backcourt right now better than Eric
let's on Brandon Knight and that's a
splash brothers down in Golden State I
don't care what you say right now I'm
not saying overall last season the rest
of the season but right now if you say
you're taking any back core over Eric
Bledsoe and Brandon Knight other than
Stefan clay then you're fucking wrong
Brandon Knight is averaging 22 points
again Eric Bledsoe averaging 23 they're
fucking producing wings Brandon Knight
with 38 points 11 rebounds and 6 assists
are you kidding me the dudes coming into
his own
