I got this
sit right here
can't see it okay I'm getting rugs
birthday gift from my car there's the
birthday boy
okay so this is rugs birthday gift I
can't get him both okay I set out give
him one but I'm gonna give him two just
cuz it's his birthday so you never know
what might happen
Brian it's in my pocket I said I'll give
you one of these things but it's your
birthday so I thought to might be more
appropriate really mm-hmm
wait oh my god
two Trojan latex condoms oh no my mom's
gonna see I am definitely putting these
to you I raise way but that's not it
these are part one of the gift part part
two is the person you're gonna be using
them on I'll find someone
so there's
here's my birthday gift Thank You
Brandon it is a lot you're welcome and
they're they're her sensations sir
sensation oh my God thank you so much
I'll get everything from me
Thank You Brandon you're the best mm-hmm
you're welcome
I want to see both of those used uh-oh
by tomorrow mom waits on my dad's
birthday I'll get him like my brother
got yeah my brother got me a condom for
my Christmas present - uh-huh
I don't know why back then I wasn't a
big boy but no God I'm about to leave to
school and honestly Brian shouldn't your
birthday be a damn holiday right yeah
why do I even have school on your
birthday but guys did first of all my
thumb feels like shit really still Brian
it hurts so bad I couldn't even clap
during the son's game yesterday but what
would I exactly what did I need to clap
for Jimmy Butler shitting on us in the
fall
yeah today's my last day before
Thanksgiving break after today we have
the whole next week off and now I gotta
go to school what do you think of
Brian's birthday gift it was the best I
don't know why because you have dirty
minds no you're gonna ruin your brother
every subscriber he gets today that's
how many girls I'm just doing Oh buddy
go get something smart about oh my gosh
I have to go to school and but my videos
and uploading my laptop sets out of
storage it's a disaster never buy a Mac
laptop if you're trying to use for like
YouTube or editing guys I come home and
I see this huge ass box and it has my
dad's name on it dad
tell them what was inside of this huge
box that's your name on it is it my name
on yeah chandelier watch what is it that
people say they like your PJs this is a
what 15 years ago at least my dad to new
chandeliers for the house and new light
bulbs that he's installing all over the
house how much you wanna bet boss is
gonna be waiting I knew it
Wow I can close the garage
the one in the office oh yeah so here's
one of the chandeliers right here in my
opinion it matches the new color of the
house he's putting that one dad what are
you doing with this one selling it or
giving it away or what yes so we're
taking this down putting that new one I
showed you and in my opinion it matches
way more with the new color and then dad
what about this one
and we're putting one right there and
then also the new light bulbs my dad is
well he already did that are those all
the new ones this is an LED the biggest
lie I've ever heard in my life more than
when a girl tells you she loves you
lasts over 22 years not in our house
okay Brian and everyone is texting me
why not saying hurry up we're waiting
for you so mom dad I'm on my way out you
like my new outfit do you guys like my
mom's new outfit you can read the
comments tomorrow and they'll tell you
if you like it hey these are from Dollar
Tree no no no they're from going along
yeah my dad dad what's the matter of the
price if they look the same okay I have
to go there they've been pressuring me
okay bye okay bye
I will bring back some food
okay bye yeah I guess they've been ready
and I was lagging because I was doing
something I just got off the shower now
I gotta go so I'll keep you guys updated
I was expecting them to be outside with
pitchforks and flames but I took so
fucking long what are you well didn't
laugh with this my baby okay guys I
don't know what she just said honest
retelling I'm just joking she said she
said if I don't finish my food to bring
it we have to put in air Mandy Anthony
birthday boy
Steph my bill her boo incest my boo um
Brian yes Raj at why she called me a
fucker right now why why am i fucker you
think if he came this way he breathed in
my face it's a picture so sing uh I got
I literally went to the hospital I'm
just joking oh that's a oh my that's
that's just good dad Oh guys this is my
mom since as you can tell she also
doesn't like being recorded when she's
not dressed right yeah it's okay
okay fuckin through all the water on me
I'm too fresh for that let me see your
eyes okay again I make you up okay
this is so good no it's like the armpit
Brian's escort for the night Brian got
the armpit burn you know I know I used
to get it all the time except how short
are you three foot - no I'm only 411
just walking no way come on Brian shut
up John shut up 70-year 411 I was four
foot eleven
after tenth grade of high school look at
this look at this shop that was me in
tenth grade right there oh my god
yeah if you don't know you so we have a
program juicing is anybody's interested
we have a program designed for betting
on box model every month on your
birthday they'll send you a British ship
different $30 off so if you come like a
lot to suggest maybe give me the ideas
really step one the Sioux Nation oh my
god you for that ass I will try to
record the soup and she already finished
all of this
hey lovebirds guys I talked to you
remember step to the salad and to
nobody's surprise she's already done
with her glanced at me late for the for
the vlog do a Caitlyn Jenner impression
we leave
oh hey guys I'm just here with my girls
and we're just doing our hair and
Kalin
Oh
not calm
every
not wait that's it all you got is my
teeth rod come so how was the dinner it
was really good and fun we got some
footage Oh - right I hate putting gas
here pumping gas hey when I put the wok
like put it down
a frustrating gas trip at 7-eleven
always I know Mandy do you even watch my
youtube videos no okay then you can't be
in them how was the dinner you have a
YouTube channel
hold on don't use the bathroom only wash
my hands visits it she has to poop I
need to wash my hands okay fat ass hey
Kalin stop covering your face people
want to see what you look like
oh my gosh I hate girls
bye Kalin okay bye Jess
by Mandy okay careful on the laptop next
time Mandy doesn't live here she's just
spending the night oh just just I said
you have to close to go okay can I jump
over guys look at the support from my
first cousin
they won't even close the garage behind
you why the week okay fine
okay so I guess I have to jump over the
garage wait let me make sure there's
nothing in my way oh my god I was gonna
run that way and jump over I swear I was
gonna knock over the hookah okay well
now I know to go around holy shit I'm
not gonna make it in time look I made it
I mean my car's right there I'm out guys
guys before I conclude this vlog which
was for my brother's birthday and start
up my Friday vlog which is always the
most turn you guys already know but
before I conclude this vlog I just want
to give a birthday shout out to my
brother obviously yeah I said happy
birthday to and my game is little gift
but I just want to give him a serious
birthday because like um first of all
how proud I am of him like how could you
not be proud the dude has 1.2 million
subscribers but YouTube isn't even the
point like apart of my brother whatever
he's doing not just YouTube wise but
where he's going in life um he's my
prodigy so he's taken over of my success
but um no I'm just joking I love my
brother so and birthdays are a pretty
big deal so I'm happy that he had a good
day I'm happy we were able to take him
out to Benihana and also I just want to
give him a thank you because obviously
if it wasn't for him I would have never
done YouTube I sure as hell would not
have had 85,000 subscribers and just a
big thank you to my brother and I love
how we get along so well now cuz trust
me it was not like this at all
we were younger so it's cool seeing how
much we get along right now and we just
don't fight anymore we got over that
stage so happy birthday Brian
or should I say phase drug and just
don't don't put me to shame
put those put that gifts that I got you
to use make me proud alright guys so um
that's about it I mean I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog this vlog was
pretty much dedicated to my brother's
birthday and there's a son's game
tonight at 6:00 p.m. we're playing
Denver we beat Denver less than a week
ago by 25 points so you know they're
gonna come out mad but uh enjoy
hopefully I'll enjoy that game and I
hope you guys enjoyed today I'm already
having a good day
so um robot is I'm now I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog
