I got this let's go upstairs Bosley come
on let's go for some reason he's been
wanting to kiss me ever since I came
back from the gym Bosley crying did you
already eat it now see and give me a
kiss
hey Bosley out what's up you guys I want
to show you guys my Wow my car is a mess
please forget you guys even saw this I
just wanted to show you guys my new
basketball wow this is honestly that's
crazy but um I just bought this
yesterday his name is I bled for Eric
Bledsoe I gotta put my name on it
honestly guys if you're buying a
basketball Wilson evolution it's like
it's just honestly it's the best
basketball there is it's leather but you
should only use an indoor see this I'm
not ever gonna let it touch the floor
just indoor gyms that's it
but yeah so I bought this new basketball
names I bled for Eric Bledsoe and I
loved it I was trying to break it in
earlier this morning I went to the gym
before school my camera was dead so I
couldn't uh vlog but here I am vlogging
right now with a fully charged camera
let's go see rug my mom and dad aren't
home right now but rug is rogue its rugs
birthday tomorrow he turns 19 on the
19th
Bosley literally knows what I'm
recording and he makes himself depressed
to make my subscribers feel bad he was
literally so happy and playing earlier
it's okay Bosley 19th birthday tomorrow
are you getting yet can I tell them what
I'm gonna get you sure that means
tomorrow so okay so I didn't have a
chance to get my brother a gift and it's
kind of last-minute now so I'm gonna
have to hit somebody up and get my
brother a ho for his birthday but you
would like that more than a gift right
sure there's my brother rendering and
he's gonna fucking kill me check it out
be sure it well mine's gonna be up
tomorrow so okay yeah well that's my
first video of the day double uploading
today because you know the grind double
upload before his birthday oh the suns
and booths tonight who you got
definitely the Bulls waiting boys on
ESPN yeah the sons are taking it tonight
prime time games have a win e on ESPN
against the Bulls if the sun's linked
tonight for ya if the sons win tonight
that's four in a row they're on a three
game win streak right now they'd be
third right yeah uh maybe I try not to
look at the standings yeah it's
literally like it's way too early maybe
you're just tired right now
he was playing so much earlier he was so
happy yeah I try not to look at the
standings this early because honestly
it's only been like ten games so between
now and the end of the season so much
can change but the sun's off to a hot
start at six and four they got a game on
ESPN tonight Phoenix Suns where Chicago
Bulls 7:30 p.m. and I'll be vlogging
throughout honestly so I'll keep you
guys updated see if they win or lose
don't worry I'm a throw on some either
cargo shorts or jeans I won't go out
like this
because I am gonna go get food with
Lauren's two usual once my video uploads
you got uploading right now 20 minutes
left my story yes so it is now time to
go meet up with Lauren's to go get some
wings there's so many wing spots in San
Diego and we always go to wings and
things I love it Lawrence doesn't really
like it but he has
no choice also I honestly don't know
where my gold watch went because haven't
seen it in a while and I'm hoping it's
somewhere in my cart guys look how
beautiful my car is I like to pop the
sunroof where it's tilted up but it was
raining like yesterday or the day before
so I had to close it nonetheless this
car is beautiful his name used to be
goring draw edge but I changed it to
eric bledsoe
after drug trade the sun's so time to go
ride eric bledsoe that was probably the
gate thing i've ever said in my whole
life honestly so I don't know if I'm
gonna cut that out of the video but if I
don't just pretend you didn't hear that
I'm sorry but Bieber slaps all the
Bieber hate was from like I don't know
like seven or eight years ago if you
still hang on Bieber then I don't know
but um I'm just joking I don't even
heard of the album it's just a single
sorry that slaps but I'm waiting for
Lawrence right now I don't know where
he's at I just got here my car needs
four new tires not one not two not three
it needs four new tires it needs to get
its brakes checked it needs an oil
change
yeah oh and it has low tire pressure but
I'm changing them anyway so that doesn't
matter but my car is fucked up right now
and I Drive it too much for it to be
this messed up so I need to get that
checked out fast um if the sons don't
lose tonight I won't be depressed
tomorrow and I might get a checked out
tomorrow you guys I was just chilling in
my car and I heard music blasting super
loud and I fucking look and I saw
Laurence described the light watch
he just you turned he's about to turn it
she there he is I fucking knew it I
heard his I heard it all the way from
the light over there
Laurence I heard your fucking music all
the way from the light I swear to God I
swear and I look up and it with your car
the second one about to you turn I don't
believe it
okay they're talking about the Rockets
firing Kevin McHale right now like I
said in my last video I do not agree
with this decision at all I think it was
a terrible decision but I'm not the
Houston Rockets GM or their owners so
what do I have to say I honestly think
I'm gonna take a quick nap before the
Suns game I never nap ever the last time
I took a nap was probably like four or
five years ago but I just feel tired
today I don't know why I woke up at like
7:00 a.m. maybe that's why I went to the
gym but while have some basketball on TV
while I take a nap and I'll be up in
like an hour for the Suns game I'm
watching the Celtics and Mavs game if
you're wondering why I fucking miss
Isiah Thomas right there that's my dude
he played for the Suns last season he
played half the year there before they
traded him honestly one of the biggest
mistakes they could have made the dude
he's he's averaging 21 points a game and
six assists he's a baller he's been oh
man it makes me so mad that the Suns
traded him not only did they trade him
but all day trading it for was a
Cleveland Cavaliers first-round pick
which is gonna be a terrible pick and
Isiah Thomas out here ballin that's my
dude I never had on Isiah Thomas and I'm
glad he got that starting spot he
deserved it he was coming off the bench
for Boston near the end of last season
and he earned his starting spot this
year and he's averaging 21 and six the
dude is 5 foot 9 in shoes he's five foot
nine right no action happened up here no
because like five minutes ago in my vlog
I told them I was going to take a nap
before the son's game my brother comes
in my room do you want to go play
basketball I fucking jumped out the bed
okay let's go playable so it went from
me about to take a nap literally five
minutes ago to now me being on my way to
the gym with rug what's up about to go
play some basketball
and it's like 5:15 right now so if you
guys on my clock it's at 6:02 but that
was one hour wrong so it was really 502
it's now like 5:20 so we still have a
few hours before the son's game starts
go play basketball come back shower
watch the sons rug listen when he's
depressed
I do too so it's okay when the sons lose
I just put in a job boom trap so should
you say my basketball career is going to
end at 22 for my legs already go back
just on there's like five minutes till
the son's game go watch the game guys I
told you Bosley's happy Brian don't let
him know you're recording and he'll
he'll stay happy here record fucking
come here you want to play you wanna
play oh you want the tweets on the twins
oh you're gonna sit for this oh yeah you
want the 25 give me five I'm fine okay
see it he's only depressed on camera he
doesn't know we're recording so he's
playing down get it Bosley you want it
sit no he saw the cam not Bosley don't
worry I'm not recording it shake more
you want my tuition assistance in these
terms
what Cal focus get it buzzy yeah whoo
okay the Sun got started off terrible
they're down 16 - all month if he's not
God is up here Eric bluto's down here
he's the closest thing to God that we
have on this earth Suns are fucking down
by 15 already the second quarter isn't
even halfway done they're down 15 at
home Chicago's shooting about 70 percent
from the field look they can't fucking
miss a fucking cha Chicago shooting over
70 percent from the field the Suns are
shooting 30% 30% yes okay six Oh run by
the Sun 42 to 31 now staring down victim
turnovers fever down 17 points easy
really quick within one minute they went
on a six-o run that's what I like to see
thank you guys while playing basketball
today I jammed my thumb so bad it's like
middle of the thumb down to the hand
area if we can hurt so bad all that
going up for a layup and someone hacked
the ball in my hand and they kind of
jammed together and then I kept trying
to play on it which made it even worse
oh my god it hurts so bad like I
couldn't even bend it at first now I
could at least bend it a little but uh I
should I say I'm gonna ice it soon
fucking hurt Markieff boo
chanting brings play up there's one
second on the chocolate right yes the
shot clock guys I can't even clap her my
phone forgive me deficit to single
digits Butler a terrific defender why
would you do that why am I even worried
about clapping when we're playing this
back me Ritesh got past a lot of it
she'll let you say that next time
well I can still use my middle finger
first turnover the last 14 yes Wow
Tyson Chandler with the dog Suns cut it
to eight four minutes left in the second
quarter would you call a fucking foul
ref are you blind there's three rest on
the floor guys so the sun's are down six
going to the half and I can't complain
because they were down 17 not too long
ago I'm going to use half time to shower
guys I my thumb is so bad I'm trying to
take off my socks and I came and take it
off I swear one sock is off right
there's bad news I wear two socks on
each foot when I play basketball I'm
sorry done by the way you guys saw my
car and basketball were named egg what
so my thumb is also named Eric Bledsoe
sorry I don't know how to take off this
sock man the struggle is real okay time
to go shower okay so the sun's are down
six with a little under three minutes to
go in the third and this game scares me
because um come on you can't be missing
free-throws that's what fucking pisses
me off
you get paid millions of dollars you
practice every day you mystery girls I
don't get that let me tell you why this
scares me because the sun's Kiboko the
block Jimmy Butler on the sun's keep
keeping it close but they can't push to
take the lead and if you're some fan you
watch the Suns on Pistons game last week
to the Suns like they kept keeping it
close they were down three four five the
whole game and they just couldn't take
the lead they ended up losing all hooker
on Bledsoe oh my god
joking no you fucking flop piece of shit
so
yeah this looks similar the sun's keep
like they're hopping around they cut it
to one they cut it to two they're down
by six but they just can't seem to take
the lead blood so to Booker Booker for
three
I fucking love Devin Booker he's never
missed a shot in his life ever since he
was born he came out of his mom he took
about small shot a three and made it on
this court at least that's what the
rumor is Devin Booker the next clay
Thompson I swear he just turned 19 years
old that's crazy
look guys a two-point game in the fourth
quarter I'm literally not gonna be
sitting down Knight come on I'm not
gonna be sitting down the whole rest of
the game I'm not even hungry but I keep
eating starbursts I'm so fucking nervous
would you get a damn rebound thank you
I throw when Tyson Chandler's 9 the game
is so hard for things to get rebounds
call a foul oh my god oh my god we're
literally getting hacked and the refs
won't blow the fucking whistle something
out my thumb grand a night to Ronny
cries cries to Devin Booker for three oh
my god I fucking love Devin Booker
I love Devin Booker Devin Booker I love
you so much
the suns take their first lead since God
knows when 17-point come back Booker
with the defense Oh get the board get
the board come on
Suns plan with the blog come on fuck on
Mirza four three four three oh my god Oh
Alex Len with the offensive board
Brendon Knight looks like a different
song
just watching all Phoenix when tonight
made the three and they he stepped out
of bounds they called it out of BEC guns
the sun-times for the first day young
talent is crazy for Devin Booker just
turned 19 two weeks ago you guys see how
he's playing TJ Warren is only 22 Alex
Len he's only 22 and Brandon Knight is
only 23 it's crazy and even Bledsoe he's
only 25 years old this team's gonna be
around for a long time over the Suns are
down by one 4:45 left and Bledsoe
shooting - he's out the line so the
chance to take the lead
come on Bledsoe please knock down both
free-throws and the difference is early
don't ask me how I'm sitting down so
Noah because they force turnovers and
the first one is up it's tough to run
all team and he's good
tie game 4:45 left and beautiful you
getting stops at pushing this is about
the same post I love you Glenn soon yes
makes both the Suns are up by one with
4:45 we're gonna see some game this
season
my god Gasol just dunking the Suns are
down by one again four and a half got to
play some defense to that's $15 Gasol
Chicago backup wedding night for three
boom it was halfway down the Sun just
fucking winds down by six we look how
the hell did he make this fuck
wolf ball crickets
Jimmy Butler for three son lost fuck you
Jimmy Butler fuck you ten billion
trillion times I'm never putting my
middle fingers down until you leave the
poor Jimmy to a Stan Gibson can't
connect Wow possession here
Brandon Ike gets to the ring
I'm done Jimmy Butler just put the signs
up well guys the sun's lost and as you
saw up on my reaction I was not too
happy but I'm getting over it now I knew
listen in my vlog I said the sun's keep
it close they keep it close they push
but they just can't get that lead and
they can't take over I knew something
was going to happen
Jimmy Butler nails us with a three
Congrats again you out fuck my thumb
hurts really bad but Jimmy Butler killed
us I give it up to him because the sons
were playing good the Bulls gonna have
that kind of a game but Jimmy Butler
puts up 32 points on Eric Bledsoe had 21
Brandon I had 23 PJ Tucker had 20 points
his best game of the season Suns came up
short
uh fuck I was pissed that Jimmy Butler
but I give it up to him he played a
great game he killed us in the fourth
quarter we couldn't stop him anyways I
don't even want to talk too much about
the game that game had me mad it's been
like an hour
ever since the ended that's the only
reason I'm doing the outro now because I
didn't want to talk about earlier
anyways by the time you guys watch this
tomorrow it's going to be rug's birthday
so happy early birthday to run I hope my
misery is your guys's humor my misery
makes you guys laugh and maybe in like
10 years on the Suns win the
championship I'll be looking back these
videos and laughing but for now I'm
still depressed at the Suns
boss good night everybody 12:36 past
midnight meaning it is not November 18th
anymore meaning it is November 19th
meaning it is this dude's birthday happy
birthday happy birthday to rug I love
you they love you too I'm getting this
gift tomorrow so that's gonna be in that
it's a nice gift it's a really nice gift
they came in a pack of 12 and it was
like the thing for the whole pack was
like $16 but I'm only giving him a piece
a piece of that package I think it's
just gum or something no it's not it's
not gum or candy you guys will see that
in the next vlog but for now I just want
to say happy birthday to rug thank you
mm-hmm we're going to Benihana for his
birthday tomorrow that's all going to be
logged for my next one and it's a
shameless sons loss on my brother's
birthday but well Jimmy Butler yeah he
said it better but yeah it's my
brother's birthday he's 19 so what do I
get to do that one
nothing 19 is nothing 19 is super boring
what about Canada can I go to Canada is
okay so I said that I would be getting
my brothers gift tomorrow but I had a
little something for him kind of a pre
gift so I'm gonna give it to him right
now ah ah four rug a kiss for rug so
what it was what I have big lips and I
was licking them before you know what do
you say thank you what are you eating
Oh so guys I eat veggie pizza but then I
take off all the veggies that's like the
flavor so next time get this oh okay
wait why didn't you get meat lovers I
thought you wasn't they had that Yeah
right here look yeah we're a sausage and
pepperoni why was it all the way over
here not on table I don't know but I
didn't meatlovers your favorite
