what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka a robot is with my beautiful mother
thank you mom my brother
mama waters and somebody behind the
camera balloons I was going to say to
all the mothers out there if you want
your kids to come home all you have to
do is you'll see them yeah when he came
he saw that party he wanted to go
straight to the Cinnabon butter cinnamon
bun wait mom I thought once you turn 18
or maybe 21 you're allowed to do
whatever you want I'm 22 years old I go
to reach over for the Cinnabon my mom
says no you have to eat real food and
this is the way this is I miss having
them home all the time seriously Oh God
they're trying to force me to move back
into the house I said make I said I'll
think about moving back to the house
what do they do they go buy a mattress
they bought me a mattress to bribe me to
come back and leisure for those who
don't know I moved out into my own
apartment about three or four months ago
put it here okay you have it till the
end of this year
oh that's two days yeah yeah oh yeah
guys I'm not gonna lie living alone is
fun it's cool you have your own freedom
but at the same time I miss living with
my family a lot I miss seeing Brian
every day seeing my mom seeing my dad
and I don't know about most importantly
but most importantly seeing Bosley wait
dad why do you want me to move back at
the end you got tired of me beating your
best
every day when I lived here I don't know
why Bosley loves that blanket but no
matter where you put it he finds it and
sits on top of it even if you put it in
hell Baldy will go to hell just to sell
the blanket dad that's probably the
blankie you guys are gonna make me use
if I move back here okay we got you the
bed you don't need a nice blanket get
they used Bosley Mon guys you know what
I noticed I noticed the house is so much
more calm without Brian here like you
don't have to worry about someone
exploring random rooms in the house or
someone jumping off the roof or building
a foam page to some crazy thing Brian
hey distract him make him easy doesn't
my god literally be klay Thompson the
looks is a it's for you no I meant the
way he looks
you're gonna chance yeah yeah so right
now my dad is taking a chance if he
makes it sober he win if he misses it he
took his chance this is the last one to
work with your butt okay there's the
final session father give me a kiss I'll
move back buzzing come on Buzz kiss kiss
come on yeah works for girls
okay buddy good boy in case one kids
about this way turn this way turn along
yeah okay
this it's Bosley was a girl like he
would be the queen of curving people oh
yeah never let anyone kiss him you would
never hold around no yeah why that ugly
yo guys so my parents are inside right
now and I told them to take a seat
because I'm about to give them their
Christmas gift for my mom look guys I
think this is really nice
all real diamond I got her a bracelet
and then I also got her a necklace I'm
not even gonna say the price of this cuz
mom I know you wouldn't want me spending
that much on you my mom always says that
she doesn't want to spending too much
money on her bracelet and necklace mom
you deserve it I love you and for my dad
honestly guys I just got my dad a bunch
of cash like he doesn't wear any jewelry
he doesn't like flashy clothes inside
rather just give him the cash and I know
this cash from my dad is gonna go
towards his bill his car payment you
know just things that he could use it
for so yeah I hope my parents are
excited and ready for these gifts mom do
you like your gift I don't know if I'm
gonna sleep and choke with this no you
have to take no but the bracelet I like
a loss you deserved it dad do you like
your gift I'm gonna so I told my mom
since it is like Christmas and my dad's
got a gift he's allowed to go to a strip
club one time it's Christmas look what
my mom and dad actually got me for
Christmas a necklace with a cross and it
looks really nice I think if I was
wearing this cross while I was playing
basketball I would have actually made my
shots so thank you guys Merry Christmas
guys you know what my mom does look look
look she forces me to drink wine so that
I don't drive home because you can't
drink and drive
so she forces me to drink wine so I
could stay here at the house longer and
hang out with them
my mom you're here you can get this for
my mom goes crazy with the bottle okay
three two what god this tastes nasty no
it's good it tastes like vinegar where's
my chaser oh right here three two it
does not taste like Gatorade anyways
thank you guys for the gifts I don't
deserve it but thank you and what I also
miss about living here is every time
Brian's not home I miss coming in his
room and you know finding a huge bag of
candy and just you know just taking some
oh because Brian always has good Kenny
you know that's Brian might be a little
crazy but the one thing he never fails
with it's always having good candy Brian
you always got the best candy in your
room when you get all ready and excited
and you think you're about to watch a
good game and then it starts out like
this speaking of good teams there's not
a son's game today tomorrow so tomorrow
the real good teams play like the
Phoenix Suns uh-huh Connie to you man
you okay Oh Carly's everyday I'll say
yeah Carly brother brother you're all
set up cardi being sexy I really don't
care how ratchet she is she's bad boy
Raja where's the demon guys Richards
making me see the cat hey rockin barking
if you spray it on me just know we're
not going anywhere so go ahead you could
do if you don't have fun
where's your Jack oh my gosh nor again
not that demon I was talking about that
one over here hey Luna how's it going
just gotta not scared over to the animal
no I don't want fur I don't want fur on
me I've big plans I'm dressed too nice
yeah keep the hundred I'm not picking
around it's not worth getting rabies oh
my god and her teeth are like student
yelling yeah exactly Thank You Jennifer
for proving my point you know what
you know why Jinyu
yeah Jay wait wait no no don't forget
the guy don't say that
and right when I walk in Rock and tries
to spray me with what is that liquid far
far away yeah yeah she loves me don't
say do you want a treat because that
makes her horny like she gets excited oh
oh
exactly rocket you know today if I use
it as a thumbnail get zero views cuz
you're in it
we're over here watching the Bucks game
supporting my boy Bledsoe Bledsoe's
clutch he just scored six straight
points there he is with the rebound I'm
a sons fan guys you know me Bob let show
showed me so much love and Bledsoe did
so much for me when I first started my
youtube channel so I continue to support
him even though he's on the bugs yeah
you're honest wish me a happy birthday
to sow and look at these camera Inc what
are they showing look look look look
we're just trying to watch the game baby
what is this I think now they're showing
a nervous fans point of view guys this
is even worse so we turned it off over
here so we could try it on the phone and
look this camera angle is literally just
following Kyrie Irving you know who
would like this camera kailani so did
someone score what happened guys we had
to leave the house but it's a one-point
game seven seconds left I have to see
this no the light turned green tell me
what happened oh my oh my god a copper
man so guys I just got home from taking
my little cousins out to eat and look
what I see guys I don't know if this
happened right outside the restaurant I
don't know I guess somebody scratched my
car I don't know it doesn't look like
somebody keyed it but there is no nobody
left any information or anything so I
guess it was like a hit-and-run or
something but it's not that big of a
deal it could be much worse so obviously
I'm thankful it wasn't worse it could
have been across the whole car or I
swear at first I thought somebody key
did because it looks kind of suspicious
somebody probably just hit it when they
were backing out I'm guessing paint is
just chips I gotta take it to go get
touched up for sure it's not that
serious it's just annoying because I
if you're gonna do something like this
at least leave your information or
something don't just hit and run okay
right now to say that I guess somebody
scratched my car a hit-and-run or
whatever but at the same time it could
have been much worse one of the most
important things I always tell myself in
life is don't stress over materialistic
things
something like a car I know it's a big
deal I know it's an expensive car but
you can't let yourself stress over
materialistic things there are people
going through things in life that are
way more serious than a little scratch
on a car
so does it suck yeah but I'm not gonna
see here and cry about it cuz there's
nothing I can do to change it it
happened and it's time for me to go get
it fixed
it's just weird though like I don't know
if it's coincidence or what but when I
had my car the Lexus before I had the
BMW i8 nothing ever happened to it I had
it for years and years and nothing ever
happened to it but now ever since I had
the BMW i8 I've had some random people
egged the BMW i8 I've had some people
I'm sure you guys remember throw a rock
at the back window and shatter the whole
entire glass and then now I have someone
I can run it's just it's weird and I
know I don't stress over materialistic
things but at the same time it's a very
expensive car and honestly put the money
to the side whether the car is expensive
or or not expensive at all people work
hard to get their cards and people value
their cars a lot so anyways guys I hope
you enjoyed this video I was extremely
excited to give my mom and dad their
gifts and they were both really happy
was in Seoul it's always a good time for
me when I can make my parents happy - my
mom and dad thank you so much for the
gifts that you got me other than that
guys drop a like on this video if you
did enjoy subscribe to this channel if
you're new I love each and every single
one of you guys peace out guys you know
guys saw them in my old room right now
and I just want to check it out cuz I
miss it and look look what's still on
the desk me and Romo borrow Mel I'm
sorry but when you watch this just know
your head is huge bow your head is
oversized but it's all good cuz you look
good you look handsome so it's okay
but guys look I still have so much
clothes and so many pairs of shoes in
here and a lot of you guys might think
I'm crazy but the reason I leave them
here is because if I were to take
everything from my room and take it to
my house I feel like my mom would get
extremely upset and extremely sad every
time she walked in cuz it would be
really empty but the way I see it now
like if I still have some things over
here and I left my mini-fridge and just
some little things laying around my mom
wouldn't feel like the room is
completely empty and you know when her
and my dad wanted me to move back I'm
not saying it - no because I love my
family I miss my family and everybody
who knows me knows I put a family first
I put family above everything but at the
same time you know I just moved out a
couple months ago and it's an experience
that I've always wanted to try so
they're putting me in a tough position
and I don't know what to do yet so I'm
gonna make up my mind I know they would
love for me to move back but that's a
decision I have to make on my own so
we'll see what happens with that guys I
miss waking up every morning and seeing
Brian across the hall walking down
stairs seeing my mom cooking breakfast
waiting for my dad to come home from
work I miss all that but at the same
time you know I want to experience
living alone I want to see what that's
like and I don't know guys I'm just in a
really really tough position and I got
to figure this out
