I got this you know what's going on you
guys bro wat is here and today I'm gonna
be telling another story I don't know
why you guys love these stories so much
but uh it makes me happy since I have a
lot of stories a bunch of shit has
happened to me from like high school
middle school and even up until now so I
love telling my stories because they're
honestly funny to look back on and tell
I'm gonna be telling another story right
now um before I before I start telling
my story I just wanted to say I'm not
one to call people out but this dude um
check Hartless when I used to do only my
NBA show I didn't used to do vlogs
stories challenges it used to be
strictly basketball talk he told me that
I was stupid for saying the sounds would
make the playoffs he said I knew nothing
about basketball um he said the Sun
would be one of the worst teams in the
NBA he said Portland would be way better
than the Suns um and he said that the
Lakers would make the playoffs as a
seventh seed and he called he he was
calling me big-time names like a dumbass
and all this for and like ridiculing my
basketball knowledge let me look at this
really quick a little bit over two weeks
into the season first of all I haven't
heard from him in a while he used to
always comment on my videos trolling
saying the Sun suck um and he's a
Rockets fan first of all first of all
you're a Rockets fan who four and seven
so far but um so he said Portland would
be better than the Suns Portland is four
and eight they've lost six in a row
and not to mention the Phoenix Suns have
accounted for two of those eight losses
yep the Phoenix Suns beat Portland two
times already this year so on your
argument is sort of not valid second
saying the Lakers would make the
playoffs they're two and nine and the
sun's just beat them are you saying that
the sun's would be one of the worst
seams in the league the Suns are six and
four right now they're fourth place in
the West I know it's so early but
everything you said is wrong so far so
if you're watching this I'm not sure
because you've been not active on any of
my videos recently probably because you
found out you're wrong I just wanted to
know that you were wrong so thank you
for giving me something to laugh at a
couple months ago oh he also said
D'Angelo Russell is going to average
over
20 points a game and oh my grandma if I
I'm holding in my laugh right now
because oh well delusional fans I guess
but um yeah before I start I've been
getting a lot of a lot of feedback
talking about my girl a lot of people
messaging me or like tweeting me or
commenting on my videos saying yo I just
saw your girl she's hot ball ba um
because yeah my girl has not been in my
videos but if you guys have me on
snapchat post snapchat with her but uh
yeah it's pretty funny cuz like she
hasn't been in my videos and people see
her in my snapchat they go crazy they're
like wait is that your girl ba ba we
just saw her she's so pretty like all
this I know she's pretty don't worry but
uh no yeah you guys can add me on
snapchat my name is the same as my
YouTube bro wadis but anyways I got my
fake chain on 20 bucks it's you know
Thomas on my story this story is
actually I'm gonna be about when Mia
Lawrence ditched high school and I got
caught by my mom in honestly the
weirdest way possible um I have imma
just get into it so it was our senior
year and that's when Mia Lawrence became
friends we've been friends since senior
year of high school and um let me take
this chain off first of all because it
is fake so I don't want my neck to turn
green during the video no I'm just
joking shut up so me and Lawrence have
been friends since senior year and like
during our senior year near the end you
know senior activities like it's it's
not that important to go to class now
I'm not saying for people to ditch but
there were just days where you don't do
anything whether it was half day or
whether just being a senior you don't do
much so we decided to go to the mall if
you guys live in San Diego UTC mall La
Jolla you guys would know what that is
it's really nice so um we're like at the
mall and I think we went to Denny's
first we were just having like the time
of our lives you know everyone's at
school and we're over here eating
breakfast going to the mall um I'm
pretty sure was a Monday and my mom
go to the mall a lot you guys might
think oh so you see you ran into her at
the mall no that's absolutely not what
happened it's not that simple
my mom yeah she goes to the mall a lot
so we were just paranoid the whole time
like Oh careful if you see my mom
careful if you see my mom we did end up
seeing her don't worry and keep going so
on walk around out the mall and I get
we're like this guy who has a microphone
and a camera and everything there's like
and he has a camera man and holding like
some drawings and he comes up to me and
he's like hey would you like to be
interviewed or whatever and I'm just and
I have a picture of this I'm gonna show
you guys right now he says would you
like to be interviewed I'm just like for
what he's like whoa we're on the news I
forget which 10th channel and there's
like a cameraman and he's has a fucking
microphone and I'm just like I look at
Lawrence I'm just like I was so happy
like this is fucking this is sick I'm
gonna be on the news I've never been on
TV like all this so I'm like he
interviews me
first of all fuck you whichever new
station that was because it that was the
worst interview ever
he literally showed me pictures that
people drew and told me what I thought
about it honestly if I'm getting
interviewed and and end up getting
caught as well be something that's
worthy but I digress so like I do the
interview and I know maybe like one or
two minutes and like fucking I'm all
happy like I asked him what channel it's
gonna be on and he tells me like oh it's
gonna air soon so like in my head I was
like oh I can't watch it because I'm not
gonna be home yet okay so like I'm done
we're done we went to the mall we ate I
go back home and to me it's just like a
normal day take my backpack off me and
rug are just walking and my mom comes up
to me and like she told me like oh how
was your day at school you know how moms
are they're not gonna be like oh I
caught you there they're gonna try to
get it out of you Oh how'd your day at
school I'm just like good
it's almost end of the year like senior
year I can't wait and she like she tries
to get it out of me again like oh what
did you do like in your classes like
she's trying to get me to be specific
and I'm like in my head I'm still not
thinking I got call I'm just like oh my
mom is wondering so I'm telling her she
then she drops the bomb
turns out god I don't know what I did to
you but my mom was watching the news and
she sees me on TV getting interviewed
when I'm supposed to be at school
wearing the same clothes so I can't lie
and say oh it's a different day
and I'm just like she told me she's like
while watching the news and like she
just spit it out she wasn't trying to be
smart about or anything and I'm just
like I just sold out like mom honestly
like I don't know like I didn't go to
school and she was so mad because like I
had droves to the mall and like like I
had droves to school first and I left
like I ditched class and I was just like
mom honestly like I was trying not to
laugh because what are the odds like
shit like this always happens to me what
are the odds my mom is at home she could
have been anywhere else in the world
okay she's at home that's step number
one she could have been watching
anything else in the world she decided
to watch the news that's set to there's
there's a bunch of news stations
she decided to watch that one at the
exact time that it was airing my
interview I can only imagine what was
going through her head have you guys
seen the episode of um Zack and Cody
when they ditch class and um they go to
the mall and they get picked for the
music video and the mom walks into the
mall I swear this so similar granted my
mom wasn't at the mall I still got
caught and like the punishment wasn't
too bad it was more like like what are
you doing you're in high school just go
to class but the fact that how I got
caught like if my mom was right here she
would probably be laughing on it because
how did that happen again god I don't
know what I did to you but um and I'm
not gonna lie I didn't learn my lesson I
still ditched after that but but I still
graduated with a 3.6 grade point average
so that was honestly like like of course
if I get caught anyway of course I get
caught this way um Lawrence was just
like no way no way
speaking of Lawrence I'm about to go
meet up with him right now to go eat our
public vlog and that'll be up tomorrow
but yeah this story was kinda short and
it didn't really have like like it was
just like I just want to tell it because
what are the odds that I get caught that
way like your mom watches the news and I
honestly I'm not sure if she told my dad
yet so dad if you're watching this three
years ago I ditched class and I had an
interview
the new station and I got caught but
anyways Phoenix Suns first Chicago Bulls
on ESPN tonight on ESPN tonight at 7:30
p.m. that's in seven hours everybody
watch the game if the Suns win that's
four in a row and the Bulls are seven
and three the Suns are six and four so
the Bulls
they've been playing good so far I'm not
sure if Derrick Rose is gonna play
tonight
either way Jimmy Butler Joakim Noah pal
Gasol Doug McDermott uh Taj Gibson they
got a Nikola Mirotic they got a Stax
frontcourt and the sun's got a SAG
backcourt so this is gonna be a good
game that's why it's on ESPN I want
everyone to watch it you know I'm gonna
be hyped I need the sun's win this
four-game win streak oh my gosh I want
you guys to watch out for Eric Bledsoe
he's gonna be guarded by Jimmy Butler
who's one of the best defenders in the
league so uh it might be tough for Eric
Butler to have a good game but this is
gonna see if he's ready if he's if he's
really taking that next step it doesn't
matter who's gonna be on him he's gonna
have a good game um watch out for
Brandon Knight yeah Derrick Rose might
not play and then for the Sun side
Markieff Morris and TJ Warren are both
questionable and I don't know about
marquise but we definitely need TJ
Warren scoring off the bench so I hope
he can play tonight and I mean that's
about it go Suns there's a lot of Bulls
fans in my comment section you guys are
gonna be um you guys won't be too happy
after tonight let me just say that but
also the Rockets firing Kevin McHale was
not just a surprise but that was a
mistake because your team is doing bad
the blame fell onto the head coach for
no reason Ty Lawson hasn't messed with
anyone on the team James Harden shooting
his shooting percentage in the 30s Ty
Lawson is shooting like 30 percent
Trevor Ariza shooting 30 percent the
team is playing bad I don't know why
they blamed it on the coach Kevin McHale
is gonna find another job soon and he's
gonna be Kevin McHale is a great coach I
don't know why they did that I guess
when you're they started four in seven
and and not only are they 4 in seven but
they've looked bad doing so so I guess
you got to put the blame somewhere
they're not gonna trade Hardin they're
not gonna trade Howard so I guess the
blame falls on the coach but
a mistake in my head any rocket fans you
guys can comment your thoughts that was
shocking I woke up and I was like the
heck but okay thank you guys for
watching I hope you guys enjoyed this
story I was going to say I've been doing
stories once a week it might have to be
twice a week because I got a lot of
stories I want to tell you guys anyways
what's today today's Wednesday I want
you guys to enjoy your Wednesday bruh
wadis I'm out
