what is going on you guys bro wat is
here and today I'm gonna bring you guys
another story and this one is kind of
going back a little farther than my
other ones you know the one about
Markowitz in high school the one about
me and Jessica scratching the car was in
high school this one is going not back
to middle school but all the way back to
elementary school my fifth grade year um
before I start that though I just wanted
to say thank you guys for 80 thousand
subscribers my channel is growing so
fast and like yes you can say thank you
to my brother I do thank my brother
because obviously if it wasn't for him
it would be harder for people to find me
but at the same time I'm uploading
content nearly every day and you guys
are enjoying it you guys are telling
your friends people are finding out and
subscribing themselves so thank you guys
all um also I've been trying to con same
touch with my fans more on Instagram
Twitter snapchat so um if you guys want
to follow me on any of those in the
description my Instagram Twitter
snapchat that's what I use all day I try
to get back to all my fans and that's
that oh yeah also before I start the
story today I don't know if there's uh
any more fans of another team then there
is the Los Angeles Lakers not just
between my 80,000 subscribers but in the
whole world the Lakers have arguably the
most fans in the whole entire NBA and I
know a bunch of you guys watching this
video are Laker fans you guys are my
son's fan tonight a little bit less than
four hours I'm in a little bit less than
five hours at 6:00 p.m. it's about 120
right now Phoenix Suns play the Los
Angeles Lakers and um I don't even know
how I'm sitting down right now because
I'm so fucking hyped for that game this
game has been marked on my calendar ever
since the schedule came out my whole
family's Laker fans my mom dad cousins
aunts uncles everyone is a Lakers fan so
you know I'm all day talking back and
forth today is finally the day we play
them four times today's the first time 6
p.m.
watch that game Phoenix Suns where's LA
Lakers I don't know if I mentioned but
the Phoenix Suns are gonna smash so on
just watch out for that but uh okay so
let me get into my story uh this story
is involving basketball and it involves
getting in trouble
pretty much that's pretty much the motto
of my life basketball in trouble
honestly
so in fifth grade I went to hage
Elementary I'm not sure if you guys know
what that is a school in Mira Mesa and I
had my two best friends Ollie and Jordan
Ollie actually he's still one of my
closest friends one of my best friends
and I still talk to him like every
single week I still play bass call them
at least once a week and we're still in
touch he lives right down the street the
other one Jordan goes to UCI he goes to
UC Irvine so he's in LA now so it's kind
of hard for us to see each other it's
kind of hard to keep contact but he's so
one of my closest friends in fifth grade
we were best friends and we all had a
class together um you know ball is life
right now
ball was life back then so every lunch
period me Allie and Jordan we would play
basketball and uh like obviously we had
fun doing it that was what we would look
forward to its its elementary school you
don't look forward to learning yeah you
look forward to recess a little but
that's one like 20 minutes you mostly
look forward to lunch especially when
there's a basketball court and so we're
uh every day we asked a teacher for the
basketball she gives it to us and we go
out and play this particular day my
teacher Miss Katz who I hope is doing
well not sure if you'll ever see this
video but just in case you do I hope
you're doing well
um this particular day she forgets to
bring out the basketballs and um so we
go to lunch and we're waiting for the
balls to be bringing brung out and
they're not out and it's been a couple
minutes and usually the balls are out by
the court and you just take it and play
today there were no balls the classroom
was locked and Miss Katz wasn't in there
so we're just like what the heck this is
where our brains go from regular
elementary school students - stupid
elementary school students
we um we noticed that there's a crack in
the window and like I said ball is life
right now and ball was life back then or
else we wouldn't have been doing this me
I'm still sure right now I'm five foot
nine I'm about 145 pounds and that's me
being blessed that's after my growth
spurt like I said my junior year in high
school I was barely five feet tall
entering high school I was four foot
eight can you guys imagine what I was in
elementary school I was literally like a
little hamster and Ollie right now six
foot four and Jordan six feet so they
were big I was a little hamster I'd be
lucky to be a hamster I was probably
like a fucking cockroach when I was in
fifth grade so we see a little crack in
the window and we see the basketball
inside the classroom so on the same
thing that's going through your guys's
head right now was going to our hand
worse we started to think like you know
open the window go and grab the balls
and come out well we try to open the
window we're like pushing it up and you
know we keep looking back and no one's
looking there was like a lady that was
watching the playground in the course
but she wasn't looking we're trying to
push it open and it's not really going
up maybe it moved up a little bit more
than what it already was but not too
much so they look at me and they're just
like you know like you're the smallest
one you know like you can fit if you
tried so like I told you guys I was a
little cockroach a little hamster um
they fucking push me in they shove
they're trying to shove me into the
classroom and the window was barely open
I'm telling you guys even me being like
maybe 4 feet tall I was not it was hard
for me to get in I finally squeezed in
I'm in the classroom with the lights
clothes with nobody in there during
lunch time and I grabbed the basketball
I pushed the basketball out and I I come
out myself as were coming out the lady
who was monitoring the playground or the
like the basketball courts in the
playground sees us and uh she was
actually a parent of one of the students
who was in our class
so she knew the teacher too and uh you
know she confront us she says like I saw
you guys going there what were you guys
doing and we told her like we were just
getting a basketball and like obviously
it's hard for her to believe you know
student goes in there with like nobody
else but we convinced her we showed her
the basketball we're just like here we
just wanted to play but we're little
kids she's not gonna be like oh that's
fine whatever so she made it seem like
it was cool and she wasn't gonna tell
the teacher and so we're like after
lunch is over we go back and by the way
yeah we we went and played basketball
she like she confronted us yet but she
didn't make it seem like it was a big
deal so you know we're playing and we're
just like oh I can't believe we just did
that um like that and so we go back to
class my teacher Miss Katz is sitting in
at the back desk and she calls me only
and Jordan to the back and we were just
like okay like we're done we're done so
she calls us to the back and she says um
she says that she asks us if we did
anything wrong during that lunch period
and before we even answer she tells us
that she wants to know the truth and if
we tell her the truth that we won't get
in trouble but if we lie then we'll be
in trouble so we kind of like look at
each other then I feel stupid you know
they were like looking out they were
watching but I was the one who fucking
went into the classroom took the
basketball like I'll just stupid so we
decide to tell her the truth and we told
her that we were scared but we told her
that we just wanted to play basketball
and like you forgot to bring the ball
down and I should have told her like
Miss Katz ball is life but so we tell
her and to our own surprise she says she
starts kind of laughing and she says
that it's cute how much we like
basketball but at the same time she says
that we can
do that we're not allowed to do that and
next time to find somebody to ask to
open the door
or to just let one day go without
playing basketball she actually
apologized for not bringing the
basketballs out which is surprising um
this went from it went from you know
trespassing sneaking into a classroom
with no teacher uh like taking a
basketball without permission to her
pretty much laughing and apologizing I
don't know we got lucky right here and
um that's that's pretty much my story
like we love basketball me and my
friends love basketball always actually
playing for a college team right now
he's playing for a community college but
nonetheless you make a college
basketball team doesn't matter if it's
not doesn't matter if it's division 1
division 2 division 3 you're playing
college basketball you know you have
talent um mom dad thank you guys for
screwing me over with my jeans I'm 5
foot 9 I'm not gonna I'm not making a
college basketball team but no I'm just
joking but yeah I got screwed over in my
genes but it doesn't matter cuz I still
I'm so pretty good at basketball I'm not
trying to be cocky but I'm off topic
right now that was pretty much my story
and I hope you guys did enjoy you guys
loved my other stories and I kind of
want to tell them with the people that
were involved my next story whatever it
is I'm gonna try to get the people that
were involved to tell it with me because
you guys know that would be way cooler
than me just talking about it maybe I'll
have my mom react to a story about mark
maybe I'll have Jessica react to the
story about scratching the car maybe
I'll have Ollie reacted this one um
anyways I do hope you guys enjoyed but
what I hope you guys enjoy more is the
game in five hours where the suns are
gonna smash the Lakers mark my words
honestly I'm gonna look so stupid if the
Lakers beat the suns but um oh yeah and
really quick I just want to say that
when I talk trash about other teams and
I've sentence before it's all in good
fun I've honestly like I've lost fans
like people have came up to me saying oh
you're dissing my Lakers fuck you I'm
never watching videos dude I'm a Suns
fan the suns and Lakers are rivals it's
just you
can't like the Lakers I like one team
every other team I'm gonna talk shit
about is it serious shit no it's funny
shit you know I say like Oh Blake
Griffin you're soft Kobe you're old who
cares it's a sport it's meant for
talking shit you got touched it about
the sons to me and I talked shit back
it's all in good fun no one actually
hates each other and I guess you could
say oh why do you hate on the Lakers
more than any other team or why do you
trash out the Lakers more guys my whole
family is Laker fans I grew up around
Laker fans I live in San Diego 99% of
people here are Laker fans so you know
all day in my ear I'm getting Lakers
this Lakers that Kobe's the best
D'Angelo Russell Rookie of the Year all
this so I'm just like trained to hate on
the Lakers like don't take it seriously
you all know that's it is it is what it
is I'm a Suns fan every other team to me
is down here but that's for you guys to
think and like I said I hope you guys
enjoyed the story thank you again for
80,000 subscribers before you know I'm
gonna be at 100k and I honestly don't
even know what I would do for that
because it's creeping up so fast and
it's actually crazy that it's gonna
happen
knock on wood but thank you guys for
listening let me know what you guys
thought what you guys think how crazy me
Ollie and Jordan were other than that
it's time to go to the gym bro wadis I'm
out go Suns
