holy shit so I'm editing my video Brian
says come look out the door move no
closer look at that shit Brian what the
fuck is that
fucking jeepers creepers holy shit and
all bugs look smaller on camera that
shit's huge Brian what the hell who eats
Popeyes for breakfast holy shit
Bosley come take care of this for us
oh my god that's literally Jeepers
Creepers
oh no Bosley's comes careful Bosley what
do I do - it just leave it buzzy mom the
sun's beat the Clippers grand at night
okay but it's the NBA injuries happen
it's not the sons fault they stuck with
Kobe end without Kobe
Brandon and I had 37 points
yeah and Bledsoe had 26 points himself
Bosley go by my mom go in her room well
are you coming to maul me Lawrence yes
Q&A with my mom and it's really my
brother has to finish his video
don't know if we could wait too long but
we'll try to wait please okay well this
one's gonna take like an hour
tell the render to hurry the fuck up we
need to build soon so the dude that the
Lakers passed on Jalil Okafor is
averaging 20 almost 21 points 7 rebounds
1.6 blocks and he's shooting 50% 20s and
7 rebounds on 50% shooting the dude they
did draft D loading T hands Oh Russell
nine points two assists 3 rebounds on
less than 40% shooting Congrats Lakers
you guys made the right choice psyche my
mom takes Bosley out without a leash go
to jail
mom it's against the law to have a
dangerous animal without a leash
yeha in the last video you said that's
my baby my fake chain where are we going
I can't whore around to have a girl we
need to go where it's Brian we're taking
Brian's carcass
I know we're gonna hit traffic we're
taking Brian's car cuz rug says my car
smells bad right let's go
jeez you take longer than Jess what does
that mean let's go from the garage come
let's go outside let's go the door was
locked you have to go in from there go
by my mark it's so weird that there
isn't a son's game on a Friday I won't
be back home till like 3:00 in the
morning now okay then I won't be coming
home now all right am I allowed to bring
my vlogging camera rugs Mercedes Benz
Brian people thought I was only hit your
car when they didn't understand my story
was five years ago
Oh guys I'm not really wearing this I
have a bag of clothes why didn't you
just change it I don't know honestly I
don't know why I didn't change at home
I like being difficult all we do is blog
Lauren just like that I have clothes
Khloe Kardashian's gonna be at this
Barnes and Nobles if you don't believe
me check her Twitter and the line is
about to start piling up outside the
door she's doing like a book release and
I don't know why she's coming to this
one but we can't go because we didn't
buy the book riot will hurt where
yeah wait Lawrence let me see doc Chloe
let me see it
yeah right there she's doing a book
thing Brian
shitting himself because only if Kylie
goes yeah I mean still Chloe's fucking
hot person we can't go we didn't buy the
book but we can still see him from where
look everybody is Chloe trying to fund
the petition I know
damn that's crazy we live literally two
minutes away and she's gonna be be there
I'm not going I don't get the hype with
the Kardashian riddim stop fucking
talking is she her dad I've seen other
Kardashian but is she but is she Eric
white so
all right thank you we're ordering for
pickup
how about how long dream it is okay
gotta go buy a shirt
I'll go buy a shirt for my date tomorrow
Lourdes can you expose me one by buying
a shirt for what am i buying a shirt for
up here Netflix and chill movie dates
what are we about to do and why we're
about to write a trolli to a trawler you
dumb holy of let's say listen oh my god
so it's only what time is it
listen after a cord before I run out of
storage so we have to pass time
consoling like 6:30 and we're not
meeting with everyone else till like
9:00 and so to pass time I don't know
whose idea this was maybe all of us know
it was fucking Lauren's know it was
Odell's idea to fucking go on a trolley
we're gonna go to downtown San Diego and
come back like we're not gonna get down
anywhere we're just gonna ride it
Lawrence Lawrence has the nerve to ask
the bus guy is there a good view like
good scenery while we're riding
it's a fucking trolley it's an MTS
station I don't know I just have a
feeling this isn't gonna end well
honestly but I guess we got a pastime
laughs I got to fucking oh my god all
right so this machine has ate my change
and didn't let me play with a 20 so we
were beating the shit out of it and it
just be Lawrence the cops are gonna show
up I don't know when the train is coming
but once it does I'm gonna step right
the fucking trolley came I know Lawrence
okay so they'll cross the trolley came
and it stopped and the door is open and
me and Lawrence is Riley we looked at
each other and we were just like fuck
that were fucking here honestly that
shit no I'm not getting in so we just
bought this for no reason the people
know we're not going on any trolley
I'm not going anymore we still comes
around the people in there fucking
psycho and crazy and no things I rather
know we literally we like got up to go
in and we were just like actually you
fuck that the next one is coming
Hayward's yeah they're gonna pull up
no do not get I know
Lords don't get anything yeah we were
gonna get a bottle of the 91 the TV
what do you want to advertisers
I think wanna buy these of course max
there's 50 stars here for the fifties
it's not 2006 business yeah he just said
it's in 50 states so we never went on
the trolley we've seen that shit we saw
who was on it and we were like no things
they looked crazy so we just got back
and Lawrence's car came to the mall and
now we're here
now give me wait what is that so XY
Brian Oh
they call him DeAndre Jordan they convey
Andre Jordan on the courts could be so
fucking long nine the other way but you
know what I'm in public ways I guess by
the chance it's uh nothing he's a liar
guys I woke up to edit my video and I
couldn't find my camera and I get a text
from Lauren saying that I left it in his
car and thankfully he's at work which is
like 15 minutes from my house so I'm
gonna go drive to work to get my camera
so I could edit my video for you guys
anyways good morning and let's go see
what Lawrence is up to at work I've
never visited him at work so we're gonna
go see him right now once were you
really plugging or no you're punching
footage I just saw it boys just work for
the first time shit's crazy yeah I'll
meet you after I get my hair cut I don't
know if I have time I doubt it
where aren't you leaving to drop
something off okay time to go get my
much-needed haircut it's been seven full
days guys obviously I'm being sarcastic
about much-needed I know I'm stupid but
you gotta do what you got to do I'm
about to go get this cut and I'll catch
up with you guys after okay so I was out
getting my fresh cut and I ran into
three fans at the barbershop there's
only two right here there's one more
inside his name is Renzo he's probably
gonna kill me that he's not in my vlog
but you were taking too long oh wait is
that his mom outside
okay well Terrence is right here he
wants to shout out some people you got
to meet water the wind I shout out to
Ryan oh shut up to Deb
he was on his way to the park and he saw
me getting my haircut and also this dude
did the raw egg challenge after rug did
it so props to him we got Adam right
here he wants to show someone else even
if you're subscribing to Brandon you're
probably subscribing to one of the best
youtubers Hey
thank you thank you first they go son oh
speaking of Cavaliers speaking of
Cavaliers you got Anderson pairs out
right here you guys I'm concluding my
vlog right here it's Saturday morning
and this vlog was supposed to only be
Friday but it went on I got my cut if
you guys can't tell I kind of left the
top long I went a skin tape here
everyone asks me about my cut like I get
a bunch of DMS that I don't get a chance
to reply to a bunch of tweets I get a
high skin taper maybe like a little bit
above the sideburns right here
it's skin a skin taper and then I get
like a 1 and a half for a 2 along the
sides and lower back so now all the way
up but like a 1 and a half or two along
the sides and lower back and then the
top is like a 7 or a something like that
um but yeah that's my cut and my I'm
lucky my Fridays are never boring I
don't know if I've ever had a boring
Friday anyway the sons played tonight
6:30 Phoenix Suns vs. Denver Nuggets the
Sun should be able to pull out this
victory Eric Bledsoe is facing off
against rookie Emmanuel mudiay teach him
teach him some lessons blood so you got
to teach the rookie some lessons you
know he can't stop step onto your home
court and teach you some lessons so
let's go Suns and peace out thank you
guys for watching bruh wadis I'm out and
I hope you guys enjoyed your Saturday
