got this
Bosley Bosley
sup Brian what game is today holding
clippers
how much do I hate you 3 7:30 p.m. how
much do I hate the Clippers a massive
amount a massive amount I can't wait for
that game my video is uploading right
now
well the Clippers lost last night so
they're coming in angry yeah I doubt
they're gonna lose two in a row but I
don't care but this does haven't played
in like four I know that cells haven't
plates all the way since Sunday yeah my
blood in my video will we make it
talking about the lunch special you guys
will probably have already seen that by
the time you watch this one Bosley look
at me if you hate Blake Griffin Bosley
look at me if you hate Crispo
Bosley okay look at me if you hate
DeAndre Jordan okay I guess I'll do the
Clipper fan for me I know can dogs get
sick from human okay I'll let you go to
sleep you can go to sleep okay I'm gonna
go to school yeah guys so I got class
right now
oh just one class today so that's good
it's um 12:42 to 10:00 and then after
that I have to go to the gym work out
shoulders and abs so Brian what are you
making a return to the gym why how about
for basketball Oh whenever the next time
you go okay not today because of the
sun's mean people were asking me to play
today
but I said nah Suns game that comes
first and they understand so it's okay
one thing I gotta say on and I'm not
saying the Suns are having a great
season by any means because they have
three wins and four losses but all the
Laker fans who were all over my comments
section before the season started saying
well you're so stupid the Lakers are
going to make the playoffs or while
you're so stupid the Lakers are way
better than the Suns you know all this
and you guys know who you are the Lakers
are one in seven right now and I'm not
even going to go into detail what a mess
their whole situation is because the 1
in 7 record explains it all
Kobe has already missed two games you
guys just honestly if I can look back at
the comments saying everything all those
Lakers stands said then I wish I could
you guys maybe would find them for me I
don't know there was especially the one
that I made the video for um his name
was check heartless
he also said Portland would be better
than the Suns but the suns I've already
beat Portland two times in the first
week of the season so yeah I'm gonna say
it's so early but the Lakers do not look
good and I mean I'm not asking for an
apology but I just do want you guys to
admit that you were wrong when you guys
every time you know the Lakers would be
better than the Suns or that the Lakers
would make the playoffs cuz that's not
looking too good oh just got back from
school hey buzz Lee and I see everything
in the house moved around you know what
this means
Bosley what's my dad doing oh my god dad
Bosley it get inside okay
my dad is officially nuts
okay dad what if you get thirsty Bosley
where's my dad where is he is that what
that's all you've done today that's what
you're starting I know
sons and Clippers who's taking it
tonight because if good if you can beat
anybody like that we'll see tonight
should be home you should be somebody
we'll see
my dad attached the paintbrush to a long
white stick because he was about to fall
over while he was painting dad does it
work okay it's working but the ladder
sounds like it's about to break we're
gonna move down would go my dad down
will go Bosley down would go our carpet
because the paint would all fall Bosley
what are you waiting for
you're waiting for my dad to come down
dad your shoulders are gonna get so big
yes sore and then tomorrow when you wake
up it's gonna be like Dwight Howard who
Anthony forgot his penny board if only I
knew how to ride it came and stand on it
Oh father do you just walk under the
ladder expect the ghosts to come to you
very soon oh go Bryan's gonna take you
for a walk
oh then why do you want to go okay
father let's go P come here Bosley's
always in the middle of everything dad
some people think I don't help you but
tell them if I were to help you what
would happen probably miss everything
else I would mess everything up yeah
and what else I would hurt you slow me
down slow
to go over what you did things you're
gonna go up in the ladder and do
something why oh I have to go to the gym
I can't go up okay hold the camera okay
listen I'm gonna try to paint an ego no
no LOC helpful you can go okay there you
go
3y shaking for this five-step frying
what six after seven eight nine is gonna
breaking hi this is Tara night that's
nine you need to go ten at least
and for sunny wings the backup shooting
guard for the sides okay and all in one
piece oh no no no you put the brushes I
okay get down quick quick why leave it
in leave it salta multiple good job
lined up I have to go clean the work
your turn please let rug fall for a
million views on this video please God
let rug fall Bodley careful Hey
teddie first honeymoons rush who do 11
for Markieff Morris come on no but I'm
gonna bring any one mom
tell them where I'm going you're going
to come Ryan to go play basketball
but and where did I just come back from
yeah guys I just came back from the gym
I went to workout and then right when I
got back my friend texted me saying
people are going to be playing
basketball so I literally just got home
and now I'm going back to the gym to
play basketball
and I head up rug and he said he wants
to play - so now I'm picking him up from
Anthony's house and we're gonna go play
basketball well it's 5:30 on the sons
game is at 7:40
so I can only play for like two hours
but I'll be back in time
Ron take a break my dad's a my dad
shoulders are gonna be so big I swear
why doesn't Bosley help we all help
today
I'll bring rugs shoes and his shorts and
for me I'll wear mine right now I got my
alley socks on with my hairy legs
I don't guys it's weird I tie my I tie
my left shoe and then I don't tie my
right shoe until I step onto the
basketball court I don't know why it's
literally all in my head it's like a
routine I've been doing it for a while
so I'll tie this shoe and go to the gym
and like get there and then I won't tie
this shoe and I'm about to play
here wait actually just get in my car
and then I'll bring you here after the
gin ever wait um where's a Nike shirt
well you said Cheryl shorts shirt fuck
me iishe I don't have an actor shirt I
didn't bring one
oh uh I have full you have a white
t-shirt that's what I'm wearing
good morning you guys I need to put the
volume down because everybody thinks
that their phone goes off when they hear
that but who I need a haircut I have an
appointment tomorrow I need yeah I need
a haircut
but um the Phoenix Suns want let me say
something really quick I didn't get any
reaction from UM from the game I was
just watching I was enjoying you I
should have got some reaction for you
guys but I didn't but imma explain it
right now see this like my face right
now my my lips it was like this the
whole game I literally could not stop my
Brandon Knight ties a career-high with
37 points 37 for Brandon Knight Eric
Bledsoe 26 points 10 rebounds 9 assists
he at the end of the game he passed it
to Devin Booker for a wide-open three
but since the Suns were blowing the
Clippers out Devin Booker didn't shoot
the three and Bledsoe kind of got mad
cuz he knew he needed one more for a
triple-double
but either way 26 10 and 9 TJ Warren the
guy told you guys not to sleep on had 18
points off the bench um it was a great
win on the Clippers didn't have Chris
Paul and Blake Griffin got ejected in
the second quarter
but um nonetheless that just means the
sun's took care of business I'm not
looking too far to I'm not saying oldest
um be the championship contender by 17
points
no because the Clippers were hurt they
weren't at full strength but I'm looking
at individuals for the Suns I'm not
looking at the win I'm looking at how
Brandon Knight and Eric Bledsoe play
together they look like I mean you have
Steph and klay all the way up here and
then I mean second you could put Knight
and Bledsoe
maybe wall and Beal in that group to uh
the Suns look good last night I don't
care
competition they were playing against
the Clippers still had Pierce DeAndre
Jordan Lance Stephenson um I was excited
also let me put an end to this once and
for all me and rug are not stepbrothers
we're not half-brothers my mom and dad
are not they're our real parents but
ever since we were kids
ever since we were kids we would just
always say um my mom or my dad so like
if you hear me say Brian is my dad home
it's not it's just I'm just used to
saying and it's weird and like I don't
know if it's good or bad but I'm just
used to saying oh my god
I I might have to call my barber today
either that or I just hibernate and I
don't leave my house but um yeah there
were real brothers were real parents I
mean how can you guys not tell but um
yeah the sons one they blew out the
Clippers which makes me happy because I
hate the Clippers sure the Clippers
weren't at full strength but it doesn't
matter that just means the sons took
care of business and individually their
players showed out especially Brandon
Knight and Eric Bledsoe on national TV
combined for 63 points from two players
Thank You Phoenix Suns for making you
happy we're now forum for 500 record not
bad to start off the first eight games
Jetts getting ready for work
Jess why did I come here and how much do
you hate me I know I heard something go
in the bush how much do you hate me
oh I'm trying to sell this laptop but I
lost the charger and I know jessica has
one over here wait Jess why don't you
help me tell my story did you watch the
video or no no oh my god well if you
were subscribed to me you didn't need to
send him
that's where Amanda lives but she's not
here right now okay Jess I'm gonna check
upstairs way is Kaitlyn here should it
kill me if I put her in the vlog yes I'm
trying to sell this laptop lost the
charger and I'm pretty sure I left it
here somewhere okay Jess so before my
camera died since you weren't able to
tell the story with me what do you
remember about the Corolla scratching
the Mercedes the hen run we left without
your parents knowing I know that's one
thing
so you leave and I told him turn the
wheel the other way oh yeah no I forgot
to mention that book yeah Jessica I
mentioned how you're the Devlin every
bad thing I did in high school was all
your fault but um oh yeah she was
telling me she said turn the wheel the
other way turn the wheel the other way
and I was like what and then I scratched
the car oh yeah so I found the charger I
didn't even say that
Jess can Amanda when they were pretty
okay I'm leaving now
yeah you please
the fuck is that you know do baby any
burger what am i caring about to die
Jeff do you have chapstick I need so bad
my chapstick turned into mashed potatoes
do you know what happened I left in my
pants and my mom washed it and hoob jess
is that mine from the Halloween party I
swear that's mine I lost my blistex
that's mine yeah now give me some
chick-fil-a for breakfast it's almost
11:00 I woke up late today because I
didn't have school and for some reason
no one was playing basketball today at
the gym or at least that's the text I
got maybe they just wanted to get rid of
me now I'm just joking no one was
playing today so pretty much have the
day off from the gym and I'm getting
some breakfast rice which workers are
robots like they're so nice I'm not
complaining they're the good robots not
the bad ones but like how can soon be so
nice I follow it what can I get for you
today oh I hope your day is going so
well my pleasure like all this like they
have to be programmed or something
because everyone has bad days once in a
while and they never do
but uh I'm not complaining I like nice
people but anyways I'm gonna conclude
the vlog here because I need to go home
edit this video shower get ready you
guys know what today is Friday Friday
turn up with Lawrence and mmm they just
let me talk to my cam
but uh is good
yeah Friday turn up with morons I'll
make a blog of that to someone catch up
with you guys after
do you have a four-minute one chance
okay okay all right thank you
hmm that's the meanest thing they've
ever told me a four-minute way aren't
stop anyways time conclude my vlog it's
Friday so I'm meeting up with morons on
in a few hours after you gets off work
and start my day then today should be
fun I'll keep you guys updated I'll have
a blog of that too I hope you guys
enjoyed this one bruh wadis I'm out
peace you guys oh yeah
the Sun beat the Clippers one more time
there he is Big Boss father why you so
mad so my dad finished painting honestly
my dad has to be not human because
there's no way he finished this in one
day oh I guess he didn't finish that
side but all of this put all the
furniture back with the help of my mom
and me and my brother Loki
look at this it makes the house look so
much more fancy and classy and it
matches with that wooden structure which
my dad built himself actually this used
to be all space and when me and my
brother were kids we would we would
start from the top over there run all
the way down and jump like from here
through that because it was clear it was
just empty
and then my dad built that wooden the
whole wooden plate and placed it there
now he's painting Bosley you were here
how did my dad finish oh you want me to
wipe your face with the toy okay yeah so
he'll probably finish that sign next
week and then he'll be done with the
house guys so I haven't used this
computer in like three or four years and
look at the background
göran draw gauge marcin Gortat and
Michael Beasley many people don't even
know he was a member of the Suns they
amnestied or they they waved him after
one year Gortat was traded draw each was
traded the jerseys aren't even the same
this is funny to me but that's proof I
love the sun's even back then
