a walking loaf of bread Bosley well why
are you running around what happened
let's go inside come here come on let's
go see Brian and my mom go he literally
walked sideways like a sidewinder snake
hey mom
making me breakfast before I go to
school morning
there's Road dying dying of sickness I
think he has the flu and I'm gonna get
it because I use his chapstick go bye
Brian
oh yeah where was it did you wash them
I'll just eat it like that I'm just
joking guys I'm not never eating it like
that I just want to give a shout-out to
on this do it from Twitter
Lois V Vita I don't know how to say I
know if you guys can see it's dad dude
he made a fan art of me and my brother
and it looks sick I just want to say if
you guys make fan art like you guys know
what I mean something like this I'll
show you guys in the video if you guys
make anything like that send it my way
because it's so like it's so cool that
people actually take the time out of
their day to make stuff for me or my
brother and I'll definitely share in my
videos or at least retweeted favorited
Instagram I mean they look sick so if
you guys ever have to make any fan art
just tweet it to me all my things are in
the description below and I'll
definitely check it out give you guys
some props
thank you again Louis V if I'm saying it
right
everyone heard my camera turn on and
they ran away
Bosley's playing right now hey fuzzy he
wipes all this eye booger look guys look
how look what he does when you say this
buzzy who's here he automatically looks
out the door inside my dad fix my camera
I don't know how he didn't tell me and
it just worked no uh-uh
wait I have to show you a picture that
someone made of my dad wait here I'll
show it in the vlog right now I saved it
yeah someone made a picture of my dad
no not yet I saw it last night
see Bobby's still going crazy Bosley I'm
sorry nobody's here whoever made this
picture how you focus it Brian look I'm
gonna send it to him but you guys can't
see it it's not focusing it says Doug
life and it's my own oh it's funny what
today it's Wednesday today and there's
no school cuz it's Veterans Day so I'm
gonna go to the gym and then I'm gonna
meet up with Lawrence at like 2:30 I'm
happy there's no school you guys can see
me from so many angles right now oh and
also today
DeAndre Jordan goes back to Dallas to
play obviously as a member of
that game is on ESPN and honestly if
DeAndre Jordan gets murdered just don't
be surprised if it's in the news that
the other Jordan was found dead in the
arena
you could play Mark Cuban cuz he's still
so pissed off about that I'm so hyped to
watch that game to see what the fans are
gonna do and after that game younger
John returns to Dallas after that
LaMarcus Aldridge returns to Portland as
a member of the Spurs those games are
both on ESPN so I'm hype to watch both
of those games
what are those to myself my gym shoes
yeah I'm about to go back to the gym I
took a two day break actually three days
if you count the day that my car was
broken or my car battery was out so
yesterday I went back and it felt good I
gotta go back right now
12:40 Lawrence wants to meet up around
2:30 so I got time to go get a quick
workout in and come back and shower I'll
catch up with you guys after the gym and
I know a bunch of you guys want me to do
like gym routines or like gym workout
videos but I go to the gym by myself and
I just feel really awkward if I were to
set the camera down somewhere and record
myself maybe if I get a gym partner then
but for now I'm sorry you guys I can't
be doing that but I still hope you guys
enjoy my videos my brother just got me
with toothpaste or you know before I'm
going to the gym no Bosley don't do it
no bugs we knew that was as bad as some
of the other pranks my brother has got
me with without so disgusting
they taste like Thin Mints huh yeah they
taste like just like minty cookies but
then after a little it makes your teeth
numb I swear boys wait everyone wants
you to start a YouTube channel I started
no you didn't don't lie because
everyone's gonna ask me for it he's in
the process of starting it
where we at Mira Mesa Shopping Center
we're gonna we're gonna decide which
food to get I think we can get fun
workers no no please no cleanup on ogres
wait Lawrence hopefully she doesn't know
your life by watching my videos says
there's a new girl fine I'll tell you
guys when I get home nice car
oh my gosh guys so there's one nice not
this oh shit I went the wrong way
guys there's a lunch special at this
restaurant we like to eat at and that
lunch special and done it ends at 3 p.m.
and right now it's 251 and we're pretty
far away so like
fucking driving we have to make it
because the lunch special prices are
half off then the regular prices and no
there's no way we have to make it
Lawrence is behind me right now and we
have eight more minutes the place is
pretty far so
hopefully we make it we got six more
minutes and Lawrence just texted me
listen to this she's calling me listen
Braden
what I came up with an idea Kalon think
we'll make it
no we will make it no why didn't you
just blow the back way we would have
been like okay Patti you said right
because I imagined all the traffic on
the road you know bye Jen oh it's not
time yet I know I thought it was like
five no what's your idea wings and
things we can call it in and say that
we're gonna pick it up and then when we
get there it is there we can't die mommy
want to eat it here and they'll put a
hot plate
that's smart wait they'll put it on
plates for us hold on Lawrence you're in
my vlog right now so let me tell them
what you just said so Lawrence came up
with an idea cuz we're not gonna make it
if you guys gonna hear he said that to
call it in and place the order for a
pickup so we still get the oh my god
Lawrence almost hit the back of my
clerkship okay well so we're gonna call
it in and get the lunch special and then
when we get there say that we want to
eat it dan they'll put it in place for
us well Lawrence should I go left at the
next slide or just keep going straight
okay Oh
I don't recall yeah please call I want I
want my two spicy with no sesame seeds
or do you want a drink
just water please all right okay so you
guys heard that word I knew we weren't
gonna make it
so now Lawrence is calling in to order
we're gonna get it for a pickup but then
we're gonna ask them if we can just eat
it there I know
okay well well are you paying for my
food
really way Jackie's calling me hello so
here's the place I should have recorded
that's telling them we wanted it here he
said okay
oh look my gosh oh my gosh enough of her
Lawrence is he gonna kill us he is you
should have thought when I came in here
okay so this is what we almost gone to
car accident and went through all that
for chicken and rice Lawrence why do you
oh yeah and soo why do you eat with a
fork and a spoon can you show us an
example of how you put it in the spoon
yeah
so this spoon is gonna hold everything
the fork is gonna push everything into
the spoon when I eat I have everything
in one pipe so the rice and the meat is
gonna be in it just like this and
broccoli if you're lucky
so yeah now this time I enjoy the food
that we almost died for Lawrence is
trying to make me go to the mall but I
just got back from the gym and I haven't
showered and I can't look later Lourdes
later
DeAndre Jordan burns Dallas chooses to
go to the Clippers Reece on with the
Clippers and now he's back playing in
Dallas as an enemy
the Manson head guys Anthony just texted
me saying he wants to go to Target I'm
not sure why but I'm bored at home
I just watched most of the Clippers and
Mavs game and I got nothing to do so I'm
gonna go take anything to target
honestly why does Anthony get so much
hate on my channel literally every time
I post a video with Anthony he gets so
much hate and I don't know why but
that's the truth and like I want you
guys to explain why I like he's nice
he's my cousin stop talking shit about
him let's go see what a rug is up to if
he's in a Skype call he's gonna kick me
help
hey Bosley Skype call Skype call Bosley
you've literally a loaf of Wonder Bread
he's not feeling it today I'm getting
ready for the worst part of the day like
school is bad enough okay going to class
is bad enough but I honestly think the
worst part is getting up taking a shower
changing and just dreading the fact that
you're about to be at school I mean like
yeah you're at school you're in class
that's bad but just being at home
knowing that you're about to leave to
school I might honestly be the worst
part and that's what I'm getting ready
to do I gotta get ready for class
but I just wanted to do my outro really
quick um tonight Phoenix Suns Ritz LA
Clippers if you guys remember if you
guys watched my vlog I went to LA for
the Suns and Clippers game just a week
ago and the Suns lost now the Clippers
are coming to Phoenix the sun's better
show up is home court and I'm telling
you guys because it's on TNT everybody
can watch it 7:30 p.m.
TNT national TV you guys watch this game
for me ok I hate the Clippers they just
beat the sun's we need revenge ok we
haven't beat the Clippers the past eight
times we've lost eight games in a row to
the Clippers um if come in whoever it is
I'm doing my outro I'm talking about the
Suns and Clippers game tonight who's
gonna win my mom just brought me
breakfast but I can't eat this right now
I'm ranting about the Suns you have to
wait sandwich but yeah Eric Bledsoe has
gotta show up against Chris Paul you
know Tyson Chandler has to contain
DeAndre Jordan someone has to stop Blake
Griffin the Clippers are super talented
so I try not to get my hopes up but the
suns have to win this game I don't care
um yeah oh yeah about going to target
with Anthony my camera died right before
I left and like you guys know I don't
have any more storage on my iPhone so I
couldn't get any footage of that
nonetheless I hope you guys did enjoy
this vlog go Suns I hope they went today
gotta go get ready for school and random
shout-out to my homey Lawrence just for
just for just for being my best friend
Lawrence and I'm out you guys bruh wadis
P
