got this what's up you guys um today is
gonna be another story and I was
honestly surprised how many people okay
that story I told about mark which got
all of you guys heated and I'm glad you
guys enjoyed got so many views and so
many good comments I was hesitant to do
a story because you know I have a
vlogging channel and some challenges
some pranks here and there I've never
done a story I thought you guys would
get bored of it but um I got such
excellent feedback such positive
feedback that I'm gonna do another story
for you guys today and um this story
actually involves my cousin Jessica who
you guys all know she's been in a bunch
of my video some of rugs videos too and
I wanted her right here to tell this
story with me but she's not replying to
my text so Jessica whether you're
sleeping or at work but now I'm just
joking yeah I wander here to tell the
story with me because I'm sure she
remembers it just as good as I do but um
let me jump in real quick well first of
all I just want to say that I'm about to
hit seventy thousand subscribers and
that's um for me to say amazing or
that's crazy is just saying the least
like that's I just would have never
thought it happened um but I keep
producing content for you guys you guys
like it more subscribers keep coming and
I couldn't be happier doing it so thank
you guys but let me jump into the story
so um like aged 1314 like you know 7th
to 8th maybe 9th grade me and my cousin
Jessica were like like you guys have
best friends from school you have super
close friends no me and Jessica were
like like best best friends I don't care
for cousins we were best friends like we
did everything together and she would
always like spend the night in like
whatever so my mom would go out a lot
she would go out whether it would be the
casino or just go out with Jessica's mom
and
um me and Jessica would I don't know if
you would call it sneak out but we would
get our scooters and um you know we
would leave the house when my dad was
still working my mom was at the casino
so nobody knew I don't I'm not even sure
Brian knew Brian would be in his room
playing video games and we would leave
the house you know just ride our
scooters around just thinking we were
badasses we would go to there was
there's in and out down the street there
was a big lot it's sort of like Walmart
and we would just like go out and it
would be past curfew and we would think
we're all cool and everything so that's
what we would do you know like almost
every single weekend for like two years
then we decided to get stupid here's
where the real story starts when I was
fifteen or fifteen and a half and I got
my permit my parents bought me a Toyota
Corolla and you know we we have promises
like you know you can only get this if
you get good grades you won't drive it
till you got your license you won't like
you know all this like obviously rules
they bought me a new car so I'm gonna
listen obviously um Jessica who is the
devil let me tell you guys this before
cuz I'm not gonna lie right now I'm not
a good person who I am but like I do
some stupid things before I was
literally an angel and Jessica was the
frickin devil she would tempt me to do
anything I did bad throughout my middle
school in high school life I blamed
Jessica and she knows it and she would
take the blame because she was literally
the devil sitting on both my shoulders
there was no angel Jessica I was both
devil so this night okay so I had my car
I never drove I just had my permit not
even my license that even if I did have
my license I'm not allowed to drive
minors for one year but that's not the
point I didn't even have my license just
my permit meaning I can only drive with
a parent or somebody over the age of 25
with a driver's license in the passenger
seat with me cannot drive anywhere alone
me and Jessica are about to take the
scooters out and heard
devil herself Jessica says like oh you
have a car let's just take that I'm just
like no no no no and she's just like you
know she's pressuring me like come on
you have a car you were really gonna
take scooters like whatever and me like
I'm just like whatever look let's do it
so and honestly my parents are going to
be watching this I still don't know if
they know the full story so here it is
mom dad now you guys know that almost
every weekend when Jessica slept over we
would sneak out on our scooters and go
to Target or go to in-and-out get food
that's beyond that's beyond the point so
we get my car and like don't everyone I
knew how to drive behind my permit I had
practice with my dad a lot but still
it's not like nighttime driving with my
cousin Jessica who's like I said she's a
devil she's blasting music she's like
she's just doing all these things so
like we drive to him there's a like
there's a shopping center with the movie
theaters Tilly's Barnes and Noble's uh
these food places so like it was like
and it was busy with like a Friday or
Saturday night park and I'm not exactly
sure where we went I think it was Barnes
and Nobles I'm not sure why the hell we
went to Barnes and Nobles cuz none of us
read books but um so we go and like
we're about to leave we get in my car
and uh as I'm backing out like I said
it's a really busy parking law and it's
a weekend night in the movie theater
shopping center so you know how like
busy I'm backing out and I scrape my
bumper so my front against the car that
was to my left so imagine there's a car
here and I'm backing out and I go like
this it's great and I'm like like I I
was like first of all I did I'm not
gonna lie I didn't leave a no I didn't
stop see if anybody looked I literally
did a Jessica told me to go and I would
I told myself to go I was like
so if the owner of that mercedes-benz is
watching this I'm sorry it's been five
years so I hope you do forgive me but um
so I left and then once we got out we in
my head I'm just like please don't there
be anything on my car please don't let
there be any scratches or anything so
it's a new car like maybe a month old
and barely anybody had driven it so any
scratch would have been noticeable so we
pull over on the side somewhere of
course
my bumper has like eight little
scratches let me let me really quick
draw on a piece of paper for you guys um
they had like it was like kind of like
this like small scratches but a ton of
them and they were like it was
noticeable like the car was silver and
those scratches were uh black because
the paint chipped off and me and Jess
are just like oh my gosh and and not in
my head I'm just like why the hell did I
take the car out why we had scooters
we've been doing this for years we've
never got called we've never been in
trouble and now the first time I take my
car out like of course this something
has to happen so like I'm about to tell
my parents
and Jessica turns into the devil again
and says that we have to paint ourselves
so my dumbass takes the car again after
we had already pulled over I Drive to
O'Reilly Auto Parts and we're going to
go buy paint we're gonna paint the car
and in our heads we're gonna fool my
parents and just act like nothing
happened
we get to O'Reilly's we pick out the
paint and we get we go to buy it and the
guy says oh you have to be 18 and we're
just like cuz we were 15 years old at
the time sophomore year in high school
and I'm just like I told him I said
listen my car is outside and I just
scratched it without telling my parents
like I told him the story and the guy
felt that and he sold us the paint so we
got we were able to get the paint and so
like we're doing it in the parking lot
we're like it's like a small little
paintbrush and we're painting over the
scratches
and like I started to notice that um the
paint is a little darker than the car
and I was like telling Jess I was like
it looks weird and she's just like no
just wait for it to dry I'm just like
okay and there was even this random guy
who was helping us paint it thank you
guys for being so helpful by the way but
so like we're painting over it and we go
home and I'm like stressing out the
whole time I'm just like no way like the
paint does not it's one thing that it
was darker than the car which was
already scaring me at most out first but
we like didn't even paint it right it
was all like mess up and everything it
turns out that we got the wrong fucking
paint color
we got the wrong color of paint okay and
we painted it and at that point I didn't
notice till a couple hours later I'm
just like I was drying it with a blow
dryer and I'm just like Jess this is not
the same color and and like at that
moment we just knew we were screwed we
were like what are we gonna do whatever
is so like doesn't like I just I didn't
know what to do like I just scratched my
new car when my parents had bought it
for me and told me not to drive it I get
my license let alone we snuck out they
thought we were home like sleeping or
like fucking watching TV and we go out
and then I did a hit-and-run on a
Mercedes I get paint I forced a guy to
sell it to me underage it was it was all
bad and so like for like two or three
days I'm like there's a devil on my
shoulder which was jest telling me like
not to tell your parents you'll get away
with it and then there was the angel my
sholder who was telling me just tell
your parents tell them the truth so a
couple days later I just couldn't take
it anymore I felt like like I was just
there was too much on my shoulder so I
told my mom and dad I told them I was
just like I think I told my mom first
before telling my dad I was like mom
like if I tell you something can you not
get mad she automatically assumes the
words first of all she thought maybe
like I got a girl pregnant or like I
killed someone and like I told her about
what happened to the car and like she
was super mad and like she told my dad
or no I think she made me tell my
add and like I showed them the scratches
and now we laugh about the story now we
do then five years ago
trust me there was no laughing in bulk
at that point but um so I mean that's my
story we freakin took the car snuck out
while my parents were out the hit on
Mercedes went to O'Reilly's bought the
wrong color paint like just everything
that could have came out wrong from that
night came out wrong so uh I mean yeah
and another funny thing really quick was
that remember how I told you guys that
me and my cousin Jessica would always
sneak out when we were like 12 or 13
just ride our scooters around and we
would go out past curfew just to feel
like we were cool or feel like we were
badasses one time we were like driving
back home and it was past curfew and all
we did was see a cop drive by he didn't
stop or anything he didn't even look he
drove on me and Jess got so scared we
jumped off our scooters and jumped into
like a bush like a whole row of bushes
or like planets we literally like jumped
inside like we're so stupid we honestly
thought we were gonna like I don't know
but yeah that's a story I really wanted
my cousin Jess over here next to me so
she could tell it because that was
really funny but um well it's funny now
not at that time
but anyways that was my second story on
my channel you guys loved the first one
maybe because of the secret favorite
joke I said I don't know but um I hope
you guys enjoyed this one too if you
guys did it obviously drop a like
comment what you guys think about this
story comment how stupid me and Jessica
were and thank you guys again for
watching bro audience I'm out and I hope
you guys have a good day one last thing
really quick before I go today is um
Clippers versus Mavericks in Dallas so
DeAndre Jordan returns to Dallas for
first time ever since I don't even need
to explain it you guys should know what
I'm talking about free agency DeAndre
Jordan agrees to sign with the Mavs and
then spurns them and goes back to the
Clippers and all the drama tonight 5:00
p.m. on ESPN I'm so hyped DeAndre Jordan
against the Mavs um if you wake up
tomorrow in the newspaper it says
DeAndre Jordan murdered
at American Airlines Arena you guys know
why but know just be sure to watch that
games you're not gonna watch the game at
least watch the intro he's gonna get
boots so hard I can't wait for that
