car battery broke down stopped working I
don't know how I went to the concert
came back and it's not working so we're
gonna have to Mazda to my Lexus
and dad you know what you're doing
because I have no idea
Wow so my dad knows how to paint and fix
cars
well let's not speak too soon let's see
okay so a second after connecting the
wires my lights already turned on which
weren't turning on before
my dad is now charging my battery
no I know she left something on okay so
my engine starting which is another
positive because 20 minutes ago and none
of this was happening I was like what is
going on and now looks like it might
work yeah so my mom came my car while I
was out the concert and in the end my
dad think that she left the light on and
my battery died but she won't admit it
no maybe she'll admit it after my car
worth
I love my Cardin guys
there's the culprit let's try to get it
to admit that mom my car works so you
can admit what you did lift a light on
the door open yeah it was a battery no I
swear I did but I was expecting you to
say thank no thank you very much for
cleaning my car but if it was broken
when I got back from the concert the
battery guys I couldn't go to the gym
today listen the fine lock it and if the
door was open wouldn't lock right no I
don't know what had happened honestly I
don't know too late for that
it worked you guys like my shirt dad do
you like my shirt Chargers have Monday
night right now like in ten minutes
honestly I don't know why watching the
game two and six record we're done we're
not making the playoffs but a fan of the
fan so I'm gonna watch the game
we'd better beat the Bears at home there
is no excuse are you kidding me Chicago
at home well pretty much any game the
Chargers plays a road game honestly
because their fans give them zero
support guys lost my Boy Scout the
concert so now every time I talk Bosley
bards because he thinks I'm someone else
I guess he's blind and he can't see me
just judge me Bosley he just judged me
by my voice
yeah let's go playing for a higher draft
pick because there's no playoffs this
season
what Bosley what it was me I lost my
voice I sound different I know dad was
winning this game I know dad my dad's
trying to fix the camera that rug broke
yeah dad it's not it's not fixable I
swear I tried everything yeah I don't
know how hard it he made it fall I
didn't even see it come on let's see you
ever throw this touchdown to Malcom
Floyd or not what you know things I'm
gonna go by Anthony and Stephanie right
now it's okay normal people wear pajamas
too
no my dad just fixed the camera dad how
did you fix it
my dad just mom my dad just fixed the
camera the good one guys I have my
vlogging camera back
daddy oh my gosh I'm so happy right now
I'm sure you guys are happy too I'm
gonna go charge it thanks dad
I need to know well now I'm even happier
rivers to Woodhead my dad really fixed
it I was so high
yes it's recording back to my old camera
that thinks wait how do you okay my mom
tried to fix it Brian tried to fix that
I tried to fix it lawrence tried to fix
it
jackie tried to fix it everybody and how
did you fix it fixed but how he paints
he fixes cars he fixes cameras and he
watches the Chargers go to and six and
the Lakers at one in 6 or 1 in 5 1 in 5
or 1 in 6
no worth three and four two more wins
four losses three wings
we beat Portland two times alone the
other one was Sacramento by 21 points so
pretty much that counts as zero wins
by Bosley she came to pump gas you know
I have to support Tyson Chandler number
four yeah I always go to a Phoenix Suns
number whether it's here let's open
tonight Tyson Chandler Markieff Morris I
go to somebody I'm so happy my dad got
my car working again cuz honestly so
what did the battery I wouldn't know
what it was that was it would have been
all bad but it's working right now so
good short rib BBQ short rib beef
chicken macaroni salad and rice and the
charger game and my cousin's death stay
high not just with your hand i she knows
about my post concert depression because
it happened her after one yeah she's not
allowed to bring up Drake's future or
tied all time charges are right now
thirteen seven Malcolm Floyd got hurt
though what's new all these injuries
this year
and should notice of the effort of her
mom see that's what you get Anthony's
not home Caroline is a know who saw that
coming
that's crazy no one saw that coming
Kim knew it's playing crazy good what's
going on you guys just woke up as you
guys can tell from my voice and probably
the way I look but it's Tuesday morning
so I'm gonna go grab me a burrito of
course and then go back home change
shower to get ready to go to school guys
how long has it been
without my vlogging camera my dad is my
dad's amazing I mean all my friends and
myself I've tried to fix this camera I
gave it to my dad for one minute boom
it's fixed and I'm just like he makes me
feel stupid because of how smart he is
but that's my dad um speaking about
feeling stupid the charger is
honestly there okay there two and seven
they are not a two and seven team
they've lost so many games by one
possession like last night they lost 20
to 19 and it's just like every game they
lose it seems like it's a heartbreaker
Luke loss at the last second but a loss
is a loss
and even though it's not official
charger fans know they're not going to
the playoffs this year my dad was pretty
upset I wish I could have got footage
but I was at my cousin's house watching
the game so I know the Chargers again
they had a chance to win and but
injuries man are you if you hadn't have
been falling the NFL this year I mean no
team correct me if I'm wrong but no team
is more banged up than the Chargers
there's just no way like it's crazy
there their whole team is wiped out with
injuries but yeah that was that the
Chargers lost at home okay they lost a
home game but honestly every game they
play is pretty much on the road because
their home fans give them zero support
they were on ESPN they were talking
about that it's like they were saying
the Chargers pretty much play 16 road
games because it's just like if you go
to Qualcomm there's just no there's no
fans there's no charger fans there um
there's no Suns game today they don't
play till Thursday but they play the
Clippers they play the Clippers if you
guys remember I went to the Clippers and
Suns game last week and the Suns lost so
it's time for some revenge I mean they
don't play today they don't play
tomorrow so I'm waiting like it's
killing me I'm waiting to watch this
game and I hope the Suns can win this
game because they've lost the Clippers
eight times in a row that's not okay
honestly now it's time to go to school
well no first get me a burrito and then
get ready and then go to school
for those wondering when I come to get
my burritos
it's called MXM but it used to be called
Santana's that you guys know that's that
the dude loves me
why do I still use cash I'm so outdated
now honestly I just don't know where my
card is
I'll find it hey you say what's up to me
when the window is so close
man the Suns are really three and four
right now I was hoping for a better
start I gotta get my mind off there
hey are you good
oh can I get read please
thank you
to think some he thinks I'm Mexican he
always speaks Spanish to me but this
happens a lot and I used to correct
people saying my god I'll speak Spanish
but now I'm just like it happened so
much that I'm just slide sucky or
whatever
I just try to go along with this dude
has to be getting paid by ESPN to be
stupid because well he's not stupid he's
actually really smart but just some of
the statements he makes are crazy
yeah the charges really lost in the
beers I'm done
he just said Jay Cutler has the
strongest arm in football he said you
could have Aaron Rodgers give me Jay
Cutler okay Bosley I literally almost
stepped on him because he's sitting
super close to the table so I can give
him some of my burrito and it doesn't
help I hate camouflages with the
freaking carpet
Steven Naismith is comedy I swear
puzzling your comedy if you think I'm
gonna give you any this is bad for you
is it skip really trying to debate Jay
Cutler over Aaron Rodgers I'm telling
you they gotta be getting paid extra
because this is this is hilarious i
watch the show all the time
oh no Bosley came back ba Glee know my
mom has your food at the table you can't
eat the burrito Bosley
listen go get your food from my mom go
good boy Bosley you're sitting here for
freaking eight hours yeah Bob to eat
your dog food you're not human
okay Bosley
say bye to the vlog when there's food in
the equation literally Bosley turns
crazy hey buddy
