me Lawrence
cover my cousins a couple of our friends
so it should be fun I think we bought
tickets for the whole row so the whole
row is gonna be us here we got them
right here
ty dolla sign Kendrick Lamar future
those are pretty much the main ones
caught all my clothes in the backpack
shoes other stuff cuz we're gonna see
I'm gonna dress like this we're gonna go
to the hotel to change we're gonna leave
soon yeah
mom said you up is not going anymore
Ryan was you this morning let me record
him either Bunch how's the food
Bryan was like you in the morning he
didn't let me record him mm-hmm
dad are you finishing the house today
yeah I mean not possible we need a huge
ladder we gotta put covers in the Mazda
just because Bosley has been in here
before
and it's crazy that's how much he sheds
that like we don't even want to sit on
the seats the hair is everywhere yeah
mom be safe
yeah I know we're taking the Mazda coz
Lawrence has a flat tire and I just took
my car to LA I don't want to put too
many miles on it we're ready though
we're leaving early so we don't hate
traffic
thanks Lauren I got your chain in gold
chain yeah we got the same one
okay I know love you too okay Lawrence
is driving but he's hungry so I have to
prep I have to prep it's fucking food
for him so you can eat while driving he
said it needs to be ready Lawrence what
do I have to do alright so first you're
gonna this
okay fuck you so okay so I have to prep
Lawrence's food to make it easier for
him so we don't crash I'll do that right
now
look who's come to the fucking concert I
was joking about nothing let's go
Rocky's coming to the concert give me a
good flavor not strawberry give me their
color by the forward berry tie-dye
which one let's go dude we're socially
about 130
it's fucking almost 3 o'clock girls
takes so long to get ready I swear
we're here so there's Amanda rug Kalyn
Jessica Amanda's friend Deann Lawrence
Mandy Mia and I have to pee so bad I was
gonna pee in front of Lawrence's car but
they're making me wait that hotel I call
dibs on peeing first
no we get hey I'm leaving this is a
girl's room this is Mandi Danton hey
this is our room
whoo to that ESPN oh yes man this is why
I hate girls my gosh the three sisters
yes taking the longest to get ready I'm
looking for shaving cream I bought my
reason I forgot to bring shaving cream
jazz you have anything to say um fuck
you
it took the longest getting to Mandy's
house they took the longest is getting
ready she's one be there 1:30 the lady
yeah who's ready to see future I was
ready but not anymore
we're all ready so you go on the boys
room I'm recording for your blog sup
guys
right
new stuff better
Oh
don't eat it
take your trip
Oh
Oh
we
nighty-night
we're one
down the track
um that slide that just said Drake no
you guys weren't dreaming future really
brought out Drake a surprise just watch
just watch
start
yes right
laughs enough please let's write this
back
we just got back from the concert oh my
god Lawrence how was it that shit was so
terribly great was there Drake
fucking showed up as you guys saw in all
my previous parts from the concert Drake
showed up and that shit was crazy cuz he
wasn't on the he wasn't one of the
performers I was supposed to be there so
he showed up and everyone went crazy so
that made up for Fetty WAP not being
there that more than made up for Fetty
WAP not being there but yeah my voice is
fucking dead that shit was so fun turn
everyone's day turned down
kaylynn how was it how was it who showed
up
Drake fucking shut up Drizzy showed up
it was crazy
who came out last night Trey Trey I
literally cried a special fucking it I
still can who came out last night great
Drake okay Jake along with tide outside
Oh Wiz Khalifa also came out which came
out with no other listed yeah oh my god
that shit was so tight I lost my voice
morning how was last night
Mandy lost her cards so if you guys do
happy you could charge whatever you like
I mean it's not going to Ross drugs why
you might go to
this is what happens when you try to
record chicks will now make junior
probably dropped out back home what's
that buzzing eating your food God look
at what my dad did
my dad someone hired this dude he didn't
even finish he did this the designs that
he does I'm telling you I don't know how
he comes up with them I like the
staircase but yeah as you guys tell he's
not finished conclude the vlog right
here though this was an awesome vlog I
loved it I loved the concert one of the
best nights of my life
I wish we had better seats but it
doesn't matter it was so tight
