I got this where are you going my mom's
house you have problem with that no you
look good women and I'm gonna pour white
on top rock star how healthy oh my god
I said rock star today keep the doctor
away
Yeah right but what they say rock star
they bring the doctor your way yeah the
sun's loss again brings the doctor a son
lost her game brings the doctor my way
oh yeah baby won't you come my check on
my name homies wanna ball up they don't
know what they're getting themselves
into
what yeah no fun that new outfit to use
already where you going where you guys
gonna eat actually I don't know yet I
would go eat with them but I have a
haircut appointment for my mom just got
mad at Anthony for dressing like a
fuck-boy mom sorry for the language but
that's the term people use now kind of
but that's the term people use gathering
show her how show her what a F boy is
and F boys just show her like an example
you're already dressed like hey so you
know how like I act like that every time
I come gear house oh yeah like that's
what they're like some of that tricycle
but is it like me okay yeah
it's like like there's like I can't
really see I you kara explain the next
point like I can go in where know like
like someone that goes like gift I hope
philetus camera is better than the other
one because the other one mom not only
the quality but the audio was just so
bad like oh yeah all right other comment
videos me of this chain come on
oh I love that song Lawrence is back
here Lawrence how far did you drive home
I drove an hour
he drove an hour to his house literally
this morning and now he's back here so
we can go buy gold chains from the mall
and so we could eat I need it but you're
sleeping here right okay go back home
your guests your car would literally
break down
he's sleeping here because we're going
to the concert tomorrow nothing
Lawrence they better have it instead of
the mall me Lawrence want to be cheap
and come to fam mark Lawrence are you
starting your vlog Channel yeah
hopefully this camera is better than my
other one honestly my other one was
trashed
wait Lawrence Wiz ah never mind I got it
yeah so I'm buy a gold chain and maybe
some earrings
I don't know and now we're gonna get
food what the gold chains this looks
like Fetty WAPs hair they got cheap ass
earrings too like 5 bucks $20 14 karat
gold all real for 20 20 bucks for a 14
karat gold I love this place oh yeah now
we have two we have gold chains on we
have to listen to future oh no we have
to listen to rock my chain buff anyone
all right
your money good
the loading on sales of this place you
have to be wrong
we're not even hungry anymore but we
have to keep getting because it's
all-you-can-eat so we're not going to
take this for a little bit of food but
we're literally about a pass out and die
because we're so cool I'm foam we're
thoughts about a throw over the food
right now I'm done joking Gothita wrong
you could
doble give up
yeah we're cool Bo we paid so much money
almost 30 bucks that we have a DVD
we waited how long anyway like 30
minutes
thirty-five minutes they turned off the
grill loud noises the fucking food what
stop fucking eating we're done or four
you don't have to finish it it's okay
Lawrence just left a fortune 714 dollars
so you all shut up
I just love to $0.14 team one we can
never come back
are you still playing the music or no
I've Audrey it's the day of the concert
and we're making a playlist of all the
artists that are going to be there so we
can listen to them on the way but put it
a little down downloads
Fetty WAP is not gonna be there for sure
he got taken out of the lineup which is
equivalent to my heart getting taken out
of my soul ah
Laurens how sad was I you're crying no
oh I was about to cry but I wasn't
crying for all that will be alright
I know true so yeah we're gonna leave
out like one because the drive is LA two
hours so we'll make it on top ok so you
guys can't see this either because this
camera isn't that much better but I am
using a new one the lineup is Kendrick
Lamar ty dolla sign rich homie quan rae
sremmurd future and Jeremiah supposed to
be Fetty WAP but not anymore
there's Lawrence's playlist for the way
there Lawrence this camera's just as bad
as my other one I swear good yeah look
oh man I know I would be valuing my
phone but that ran out of storage
someone in the comment section warned me
about that or it's now that we look like
Virgin Mary the black person huh
are you coming to the concert
no why still recording on it first wake
up it's too late now started being
recorded so why by not going to a
concert
God knows why weren't I'm just wearing
this man
Bogg lee dad me and Lawrence are going
to the mall to buy his shirt for the
concert yeah oddly the Bryan go with you
guys
no Bryan doesn't want to go anymore he
so my dad went back inside and he gave
me the duties to walk Bosley and of
course he pooped so now I'm gonna have
to pick it up badly why can't you hold
it in you already want to go back inside
I
let's go yeah Lawrence is here you like
Lawrence let's go I'm thinking about
doing a Q&A with Lawrence if you thought
why do you keep smelling this if you
guys would want to see that you guys
asked the questions we in Lawrence
answer maybe sometime this week come on
Bobby let's go by Lawrence and Bryan and
my dad come here my dad's up to this
again he already started painting some
of the house but I had no more swords on
my phone and I had no working camera so
I couldn't record but today's Sunday is
day off so are you gonna be painting all
day probably man I'll show you guys what
he's already done Bobby let's go inside
come here
I mean yeah I'd Amba camera to record
earlier you know I like recording my dad
painting but so this went from green to
brown across there and then right here
and he did some upstairs but that was
about it but today's its actual day off
oh and they needed that wall over there
today's is actually day off so I
wouldn't be surprised to come home
tomorrow and all that is painted by the
way we got a hotel room so after the
concert we're not coming back home
tonight we're going to go to the hotel
and then come back tomorrow so there's
that okay guys so I'm gonna conclude
today's vlog Q because I have to go get
ready
it was rather short compared to my other
ones my other ones have been honestly
like 15 to 20 minutes and it's a hassle
to make but I know you guys like them so
that's on doing them um so yeah we're
gonna shower and like grab something to
eat before we go to the hotel room get
ready for the concert there and like I
said me Lawrence cover my cousin's a cup
of our friends so it should be fun I
think we bought tickets for the whole
road so the whole row is gonna be us
where the tickets at right here we got
them right here
I might run into some of you guys there
and that's my brother isn't going I'm
not sure why he didn't tell us but he's
not gonna be there but you guys do see
me say what's up like I said um ty dolla
sign Kendrick Lamar future those are
pretty much the main ones it's gonna be
fun but I have some news that I don't
even know how I'm gonna explain this god
I'm sorry
Phoenix Suns owner/manager which are my
future bosses if you guys are watching I
apologize dearly today I'm gonna be
missing the Phoenix Suns versus Oklahoma
City Thunder game I have NBA League Pass
mobile on my phone so I'm gonna be like
obviously trying to watch it but you
guys already know service on the freeway
on the way to LA or in a hotel room it's
not gonna be good
this is the last time I missed the game
2010 I don't know how I'm gonna live
with myself I don't know how I'm gonna
sleep at night I don't know how I'm
gonna I'm probably going to hell now
honestly but I mean don't get me wrong
so I'm not a saint for sure I'm gonna
miss it coz I'm gonna try to get on my
phone but in case that doesn't work out
I'm being an honest I'm probably gonna
miss the game today I'm gonna be
following it play by play on my phone
refresh refresh refresh but in my heart
that's not the same ah call me what you
want call me a bandwagon call me a fake
fan I'll accept it all today I deserve
it but there's that I mean by the way I
hate OKC so please son pull out a
victory but I doubt it in OKC
Durant back Russell West were playing
crazy good I don't know but yeah that's
gonna conclude today's vlog too much
talking I got a pick out an outfit go
get ready
I gotta look for this concert there's no
excuse so if I do run into any of you
guys say what's up other than that enjoy
your Sunday and have a good day
robot is peace
