well well well
Bosley look who decided to come to my
room
you ditched Brian for me or what
oddly so I'm making Bosley his breakfast
and he keeps scratching at my folks I'm
taking too long why don't you be patient
Bosley okay okay okay
what do you want you on your food hey
you owe me you put some chicken on it I
have some from KFC awesome okay okay
okay come here stand up okay you want
some chicken on your food I'll put you a
lot of chicken if you give me five okay
sit okay I have some chicken right here
cut it open and put it in the food hey
bud Lee you want it on your food hold on
stand up no no no stand up Enda hugly
stand up no stop stop
stand up okay that's it whatever just go
Bosley probably gonna throw up from how
many times you spawn guys Friday so you
already know what that means I'm gonna
link up with my friend Lawrence and none
obviously we're gonna go to the mall but
this time we actually need something I
want to buy a gold chain and I'll throw
some new earrings because I lost my
silver ones at that Halloween party and
um I'm not feeling these black ones
honestly I don't like them so we're
gonna go to the mall and do that and
then and then I'm gonna come back home
at 6 p.m. for you guys guess it Phoenix
Suns with Detroit Pistons why I'm so
hyped for this game Marcus Morris was a
member of the Phoenix Suns the past two
and a half years and he was traded this
summer for multiple reasons after he got
traded ran his mouth talking a bunch of
shit about the Phoenix Suns organization
so Detroit Pistons with Phoenix Suns in
Phoenix he's coming back to play the
Suns
just this morning he said he said I feel
disrespect
kid but I felt disrespected by the sons
when I played with them so I want to
disrespect them myself something like
that I'm just like dude stop talking
about the fucking trade like it's been
so long and also if you guys don't know
his twin brother Markieff Morris still
plays for the Suns so this is gonna be
kinda like I don't know I'm hyped for
this game I can't wait so I'm gonna go
hang out with Lawrence come back for the
game and then after the game is done
golden couple of Lawrence again and I
think tonight we're gonna hang out with
like a ton of people a ton of friends so
I'll keep you guys updated um I did find
this camera which is nothing like my
other one it's it's temporary but it'll
do it's better than my iPhone honestly
so on yeah I'll bring that along with me
I hope you guys enjoy your Friday
because I'm gonna enjoy mine especially
if the Suns win if they win that'll be
their fourth win of the year um other
than that thank you guys for 60,000
subscribers I can't believe how fast my
channel is growing it's honestly like
it's honestly shocking and if I don't
say thank you enough just imagine me
saying thank you right now multiply it
by a million thank you thank you thank
you guys so much and I really appreciate
all the support I get um if you guys
were wondering how I did cuz you guys
knew last night or yesterday I had a
history test and a speech my history
test I got an eight or nine out of ten
I'm not sure yet but I'm pretty sure it
was eight or nine no I'm sure it was
eight or nine I'm hoping was a nine but
either way eight out of ten isn't bad my
speech on the other hand um honestly I
could have done better but I'm not
saying I did bad but I just don't think
I did as good as I had wanted to so
there's that and then also it's three
o'clock right now what I've done all day
was I was gonna go to the gym and play
pick-up basketball but I woke up and I
was kind of like I kind of wanted to
work on my game by myself so I just I
was outside our house playing in our on
our hoop for about two hours
I was just practicing myself and
honestly it felt better to do that today
for some reason that's the mood I was in
instead of going and playing games I
wanted to refine my game but um yeah now
time to go see Lawrence or should I say
Odell Beckham jr. let's go my brother is
not tagging along this Friday because
why why are you tagging along this
de lama WA not tagging along this Friday
because black ops you came out black ops
three
my brother is set on making videos of
black ops 3 he was up till when what
time were you up until like 6:00 final
only like three or four up till 3:00 or
4:00 in the morning back at it he's
doing it for you guys so if you guys
only watch my videos for a rug you might
as well turn it off now Bryan what just
really quick your thoughts on black ops
3 so far um it's not like any other Call
of Duty in a good way or a bad way I'm
gonna okay way how about better than
black ops 2 no no no they've made the
last three Call of Duty is really bad
but whatever I'm sliding me playing so
expertise opinion right there mmm-hmm
what's ballsy up to wherever he is oh
there he is
sup little dude hey I know you saw me
Bosley the camera saw it
Wow this camera is terrible compared to
my other one but it has to do this
camera sucks ass it's I don't it's like
oh shit
except temporary one until I get a new
one but it's not good
now turn around
great to hear about Mike
no one steal my car now I'm stealing my
car my car looks nice when it's clean
that's it
this camera call quality wasn't shit
with machine doesn't zoom in right there
yeah hey not really um we just got and I
left my food we got we were it I kid
just fuck it I kid you not we were in
the wings of things parking lot about to
get down and Lauren says wait I don't
want wings so I said I said okay tell me
what you want I wanted wings really bad
I was craving it and he made us get
Fuddruckers and then when we got the
flood record he said wait I don't want
this either and I said fuck you Laurens
we're getting fuckers it was actually
pretty good this time it was okay
we came down the coast to go pee before
we were about to go watch the son's name
I'm trying to force for him so I chose
me
Laurens what do you say watch what other
game I watch it because there's a lot of
Suns there's a lot of drama with Marcos
voice and Markieff Morris and Lawrence
likes that shit yeah so I'm waiting for
the I hope I hope PJ Tucker knocks oh I
hope PJ Tucker knocks Marcus Morris his
teeth out
we found rug at quarry it looks like
Brian huh
just my my type of waits to pounce
what's yours our one pound they don't
even make it so I made it home about 10
minutes until Marcus Morris makes return
to Phoenix
screw you Marcus you clown I'm fed up
with him I'm gonna blew the shit out of
him
okay Bosley shut up are you ready to boo
the shit out of Marcus Morris shut up
Cassie game I'm your life you buy
illegals cause that dog it was called
you a US Airways oh come on 36 points 15
assists but still waiting on keeping
it's unmarked agent Markieff isn't even
going to trial in defense against Marcus
that's way but PJ Tucker is gonna garden
spray
kill for dissent son four three two
thirds greatest coach of all time I put
Gregg Popovich second behind him 42
flustered Reggie Jensen with it really
was well yeah they won their first week
tomorrow son you are soft look you
let's go mark it clown get out right now
oops what get out and that's the way you
get out
Lawrence what do you think I'm Marcus
Morris I like to get out get out oh like
the way okay but I just and Super Mario
grew Marcus you guys would understand if
you knew how much shady talked on the
Sun when he's the one who drove himself
out of Phoenix who the orange you knees
month I love those uniforms so much
remember the orange sleeves
these are sleeveless I know they're play
basketball scene because he gives this
Detroit guys this is crazy
Andre Drummond is a beast infected 20
points 20 rebounds and two logs God
we got to contain him Tyson Chandler has
to contain a clown is fuck you Marcus by
the way he blocked me on Twitter a
couple months ago he said he was gonna
block all Suns fans nice sleep once you
lock me again last year after the
all-star break Suns are nice and steals
that he's just overnight
cross-court delay so thought about it
explosion Ã©poca all my guy would stay
right here every time Mike essentially
y'all don't get by with my boss jettison
so the Suns are down seven at the end of
the first honestly they look like shit
they started out seven to one they were
up seven to one and now they're down
2114 come on man
are you kidding me Golden State 40
points in the first quarter it's already
a blowout Steph Curry has four threes
dude I'm starting to think whenever the
Warriors lose if that ever happens over
the course of the next ten years no way
oh my god if that wasn't eyelid gel
fucking turn off my TV right now if any
team beats the Warriors I have to say
it's luck I don't care
freaking crazy back to the Suns game
blue four three seven bringing us with
him four Suns down for half way through
the second 50% timeout Pistons Marcus
Morris is 1 for 6 he missed five shots
in a row
it's funny he gets a boot so bad every
time he touches the ball down by two at
the half
let's--oh leaves us with Marcus Morris
has 8 damn 33 12 and 3 shooting over 50%
but Indiana I got one question what the
hell are those look at this guy's
what are those are you kidding me that's
crazy that's hilarious
I'll get some reaction for you guys
Suns down by 3 with 2 minutes left in
the third they've only taken four
free-throws this game that's not good
you have light so you have not you have
Tyson Chandler they pretty much live in
the pain mark is touching the ball fuck
fucking pushed off
so yeah down by five with two minutes in
the third less than two minutes
John Neuer I'm getting fucking ball
grand a night for three yep down by two
a minute and a half left in the third
Brandon Knight is inconsistent honestly
some games he's on some games you look
terrible but you have to hope that
multiple okay jump ball Ronnie price
forces the steal gets the jump ball
honestly I'll take Ronnie price over
Steph Curry
sorry I couldn't Laflin saying that you
lost the jump ball all that fucking talk
for nothing
three on the shots off Marcus Morris has
the ball don't let it pull up for three
big defense no no don't count
don't count that don't count shot clock
shot clock nope markets fuck out my TV
screen two grand a night long - oh my
god so Brandon our forces along - TJ
Warren misses that putback and then you
get called for a foul hacka Drummond in
the third quarter
let's see if this pays off damn he's
fucking hairy shoulders unless I was a
tattoo okay kind of paying off let's see
honestly uh oh my god he's hairy I
thought that was a tattoo that's
disgusting don't miss damn so the game
that we got 6363 tied up with less than
a minute left in the third fucking
double digit Pistons lead with nine
minutes left in the fourth
he's fucking offensive slums fucking
down by ten now with nine minutes left
the sun's literally go on the offensive
stuff where they don't score a bucket in
like three or four minutes keep doing
that the whole year Seward's gonna take
you it literally costs us
he was fucking disgusting he wasn't at
the studio
and then you make you're barely getting
the line the whole game you get to line
and you miss your free throws that makes
no sense
add those up and I guarantee you won't
win game by super honestly my hair is
gonna fall out by the time I turned 21
because of the Sun now giving the ball
to him why are you taking a step okay
you mean the Suns are down by eight with
seven minutes the game is within reach
just make some damn stop okay come on
now let's go force a turnover now take
advantage come on you got a score here
five on the shot clock
don't take that long - why the fuck
would you do that
jumpshot modulus
okay another offensive foul now please
take advantage of that you're forcing
the pisses took play like shit
offensively just take advantage of the
defensive game is making me so mad
six minutes left you're down a I'm
telling you this game is right there for
us to come back
okay are you fucking kidding me
holy shit how's that a double dribble
you piece of shit rat come back coming
from behind he gets it up in it
Mike I'm done I'm done with this game
for now and markiev to the line
Archy was very Movil boys hardly good
people sending out of Six Feet Under
my god their free throws free throw
their free fucking points that you can
use out of fucking time like this
Randy Johnson with the five bounce down
by seven three minutes the suns ball you
have to score here and see the truck
there's no and it's my first here that I
tell it was a hard luck team but they
get here come on you got to shoot the
ball so the Sun go down by six with two
input air but you'll hit some fucking
bleep so something on my three now with
two minutes blood so for three fuck yes
three point game with two minutes
Detroit wall good one stop please don't
get my hold all the way up a line along
and start her on
- coming fans notorious with the numbers
tonight caliber he sinks on the shot
clock anything
and they pretty much quieted him up
there's a Jackson with the runner
whoa whoa
Wow
but when he gets into mace he can feel
dirty bulking his ex on the case
fucking play good defense for 23 seconds
with one second left on the shot clock
you not only let them score but a
fucking and one are you kidding me
for one second oh fuck Marcus Morris
fuck you don't you say that
kakapo boys hold on hold on real quick
say what time it is
409 409 now today what Lawrence is dead
tired he's trying to go to sleep but I'm
Bosley go back inside I'm forcing
Lawrence to go with me to Walgreens huh
yeah move your car Bosley go inside I'm
forcing Lawrence to go to Walgreens with
me because I'm bored and I'm not even
tired and he's literally gonna kill me
if you guys don't see me probably no I
have to close the door it's cold it's
cold it's cold it's cold go inside so
yeah for 10 a.m. on Saturday morning I'm
forcing Lawrence to go to Walgreens with
me because I'm bored I don't want to go
to sleep yet and he's literally gonna
kill me but he's coming so that shit
worked
are you watching the game fucking 4:50
a.m. Lords are so weak
Lauren fuck you yeah the sun's ended up
losing this game as you guys saw by my
reaction don't leave me I have to know
Lloyd why are you leaving this early
it's not that early 1
yeah yeah how the hair could I need to
go to ok that's in a good excuse our in
Marietta time to 10 9:15
guys look how ratchet I am my Gucci
flip-flops Lawrence what's tomorrow
we're gonna see future Fetty WAP got ya
Fetty WAP got taken out of the lineup so
I was literally going to chop my arm off
or take my eye out but I realized that
I'm still going to see future Kendrick
ty dolla sign so I just have to make the
most of it
Odell where's your Rolls Royce your
fucking Ferrari all parked in the garage
is it this is just your everyday car
this is my commute car yeah still folk
by artist
Bosley you all go to a concert you wanna
see future
dick you fucking pussies loudly come on
I didn't get any walk footage from last
night really yeah while we come on let's
go inside you guys didn't see any vlog
footage last night but if you follow me
on snapchat which is the same as my
youtube name bruh wadis then you would
have been able to keep up to date all my
social medias bruh wadis if you want to
keep up with me Instagram Twitter rug
went on a shopping spree yesterday while
I was watching the son's game oh well
she's gonna watch this who the diamond
one I've seen that before I knew it nice
geez okay my mom's really gonna kill you
when she watches this whoo Grizzlies
come on nice more shoot and I am made me
force me to me it cleans had to any car
interior lessons oh I need that my car
interior MVP and he gave me an extra
brush in the garage god I'm gonna end
the vlog right here today's Saturday so
I'm just going to make a new vlog for
today and I think the shower I'm gonna
try to get a haircut today but I forgot
to text my Barbara so hopefully he has
an opening you guys witnessed the sun's
losing to Marcus Morris and the Pistons
and that was not okay but whatever say
why Leslie say bye say Bosley's out okay
