what is going on you guys ready at
Carolinas here and today I'm bringing as
a brand new video that's not a terrible
ok guys you guys know me it's only
Brandon's best friend and I wanted to
prank him today me and Brandon have
never ever gotten any fights as long as
we've known each other and I wanted to
do something to push his women so I'm at
Genesis house which is really close to
Brandon's house Dennis is currently in
Arizona so he gave me his keys and is
allowing me to use this place for
Netflix and chill purposes so hey shout
out to Dennis thank you for letting me
use your house I've made it real dirty
if you know what I mean but what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna have Dennis's name
on my phone saved under Jackie's I still
respect Jackie I still look at her as a
sister and because Brandon cares so much
about Jackie if I have Jackie's name pop
up on my phone while we're hanging out
he'll probably go crazy and I think this
is the only way he can legit get mad and
lose his mind at me Jackie is gonna text
me and we're gonna see how Brandon
reacts I'm facetiming Jackie right now
Jackie Jackie
hey please wish me luck okay yeah I'm
gonna go ahead and set this camera up
I'm gonna need that text soon from
Jackie okay guys so I just set the
camera behind the TV just text them to
come over so you better walk over right
now
guys please wish me luck this is about
to be crazy all right guys
but I will live here yummy to your house
once instead fluffy Arizona oh you know
how many girls are brought here then ask
on the base weight that way no if you
bring the guns no no girls bro I'm not
now maybe later today which one know
what you've been up to the shop you have
to come right hold your I don't
understand I'm so tired
Olli it's been two weeks almost let's go
everyone's going Justin Rubel everyone's
going ok maybe we'll have to see Holly
let's go all drive oh you're already
huge your art excitement I don't I don't
know a lot of the German game ok if a
girls coming over our respective then
you can say hello just know the girl is
probably coming over
cuz no I'm not gonna have an open path
now much I know but I know you're the
type of person who just sit and eat
cookies and shit and watch TV instead
I'm gonna play basketball how are you
here are you sleeping over over here ok
ok you have a junkie - that is Jackie
like your gender no it's not you put the
same name and the same emojis you have a
Jackie I've never met I swear Brandon I
know all I know you go this Jackie is
really your nxj no it's not why would
she be dead I love you think I'm stupid
first of all why would she be texting
you okay listen I want to be a man about
this I'm gonna sit you down and tell you
in person
Holly whit jack is is this is we don't
like Figueroa oh we're back no it's not
not stupid yes okay what is the message
say oh no you said you want to sit me
down and tell me what that you have a
girl named Jackie also that's cool it's
your girl your honor you know Jackie I'm
not stupid okay Brandon I have respect
for your relationship with her
few years later with her right yeah I
did it but you're not with her no more
so she's been texting me and since
you're not what they're like it's fair
game for me your textures that's not
jack that's not my look and Jackie is
her picture right I'll leave that's not
okay then why would she be saying that
isn't you know what there anymore are
you okay it doesn't matter
that's not Mike so why would she be
texting you saying she wants to come
over at home because we have a thing
I'll leave I'm telling you again so
you're not lying
yeah hey listen look at my face I'm not
smile anymore I'm trying to be honest if
you're not smiling and are you yes or no
I'm not dating Jackie Figueroa up but
this validating you know but this is not
jaqen Figueroa it is Jackie Holly
doesn't know I've been talking to her a
lot it all for some time now ever since
you guys broke it up and yes she likes
me so what do you want me to do okay let
me see the conversation one more time
because I could tell the way she takes
yeah look at it and if it's not her to
get desired and you get thing whatever
you want but it's her bro I'm trying to
tell you okay hold on okay keep going
what you were saying oh she's gonna hand
me up what do you mean dude I hit her
hit her up too and not yeah I'm
responding because you know she's not a
boyfriend so why don't I it doesn't
matter she doesn't have a boy but wait
I'll leave oh oh I'm telling you hold on
Eileen the Jackie did not just text you
saying she's gonna come over to this
place tonight yeah sure my ex Jackie did
not just text you not with you what I
never said she was I said my ex my ex
did not just text you saying she's gonna
come here to hang out with you and
that's why you're not going to the gym
to play my cell because you're gonna
hang out with Jackie Figueroa yeah I'll
leave hoodies I'll leave Oh she finds me
attractive and I find her check
Leonel is there any wine no hold on hold
on stop saying I know I'm not with her I
know that okay so you've had an
ex-girlfriend you're not looking at me
no what if I go and go you know but then
it's like that's different like there's
no way Jackie just texted you saying
she's gonna come over tonight just you
and her but she's coming over tonight
and I got I have enough balls to tell
you this in person like a man that she's
coming over Holly she's coming over and
we're gonna happen we're gonna hang out
and have some fun
nothing crazy but like I want you know
hold on then we're gonna hang out Holly
who lips Jackie this is your ex Jackie
Molly okay hold on hold on hold on so
let me get this straight
so so right now you're in the house that
I bought for my friend yeah and you're
inviting my ex-girlfriend over and
you're turning down to go play that's
all me so you could have fun with my
girlfriend or my ex-girlfriend and all I
see yes Holly I know but what goes on in
your head like what is wrong with your
brain you don't do that we've been
friends for 25 almost 20 years you don't
do that she broke but she wants me and
I'm after her okay so what do you say oh
I'm I told you I got Molly Holly you say
oh I'm attracted to her but this was my
best friend's girl so I'm not gonna do
it all but what it was your girl I did
not do anything with her about what's
fair do you want I understand but
there's still something called like a
bro code there's still something that
you don't break just like you had an ex
I'm not going
Dushan with immunity I'll find them
attractive that's stupid like a lien
what are you older to come over
it doesn't matter okay I don't know what
to be mad at you are very like what's
going on well I'm being honest with you
Holly I don't care if you're being
honest it doesn't matter if you're being
honest or lying or whatever you're doing
you just don't do that and she doesn't
do that either all of you guys are dumb
both of you guys
why would you play Allie hold on what
Eileen I've known you for so long you're
never this bike like Dharma boss I'm
dumb but that's just not right now no
world like this is my but you're not
with her Holly I said don't say that
well understand about whether I never
said I'm still lizard but like I said
right now first of all all the time oh I
see Jeff is a sister yeah I love yeah
yeah oh oh yeah yeah you're right under
her okay and she's interested in me
Holly there's no way Jackie message you
sitting I'm coming over
oh she did do you want me your face
liner no I don't need no face son do you
I'm gonna call her so you can hear her
voice hold on I just want to get this
swing no I don't want to hear if I hear
it looks right now something to be good
after what she just texted you I don't
want to hear her voice right now listen
all I want to get this straight so right
now I'm gonna leave and you think that
like you're gonna hang out with my eggs
and we're still gonna be cool F like
you'd like you think we're me and you
are gonna be cool
wait me and Jackie are still thread
there's Ali that's good you guys should
be friends I'll leave I'll leave
but what is doesn't mean you guys are
together there of course you can hang
out with me
Holly Holly hold on do you like were you
born yesterday no this is just something
you don't do just I don't know my whole
life except no this is not the same
person that I've known my whole life you
wouldn't do this like okay so right now
look it up one of your head stuff don't
mean out the right now okay do it okay
that's fine even if you just broke up
with in my - three weeks ago we I'm not
wet anymore so it's fair game so it's
fair it's fair no I was raised
differently I don't know how you were
raised Audrey Wow
I can never call my wife don't believe
me Olli but I just don't understand like
what like I'll leave I don't know who
should I be mad at you or her what is
going on what this is what it's just
like confusing what is wrong with you
bro I mean you thinking out there just
don't fucking talk what do you do hang
out there then after she leaves we're
gonna go get food away I'm gonna hang
out like we usually do
La Mina Chevy Fox I'm telling you not
lean like a man oh no you're not a man
you're ollie
you're not admitting he doesn't mean
shit I'm gonna see her no you don't need
you could leave if you want alright I'm
done you're done with what oh it's gonna
it's Jackie
thank you bro Dennis you piece of shit
shit you piece of shit get Yvonne so
sorry I know would never do that
Olli oh you would never do that we're
not together though so it's okay right
you Holly
and today I hate you I hate Holly what
Dennis what do you mean you had nothing
to do that your name is Jackie in his
fault
ah Bob sweating all over my architecture
Oh honestly didn't think I was it get
that reaction oh my god
what did you do I thought you went crazy
on me he started yelling up top of his
long I was nothing I was tripped that
was me calmed myself down because I said
this is all we this is the person I love
I'll leave bro bro I got it so good
brother you should have seen this guy's
face he was losing his mind my face he
was bad
oh my god it looks like he just lost
eight games in a row at the gym look at
all my armpits are sweating all evil
what the hell getting you to me I'll
better call Jack on my phone going off
he was about to call Jackie I had to
stop him so I facetimed you real quick I
didn't know like what drugs you were on
and like Jackie what drugs Jackie was
gone oh oh you're good you're good I'm
so sorry I know you've been sick lately
yeah Olli wait it filled with anybody
else that did this prank you don't even
want to know how that I kept telling
myself
yo this is Ollie I love it is my best
friend so I kid I gotta keep my cool
that was me keeping my cool wait Dennis
I think I broke something I'm not sure
he threw your remote really hard so it
was a remote I'm so sorry I don't I
honestly don't know what it was until
now I didn't know at the time no it's
still in good condition Dennis it's your
fault who planned it you or Dennis guys
I'm literally shaking
there's no alley bro you don't do that
shit but I'll try to say some things I
didn't want to say to you and I kept
calling myself down I'm like I can't I
can't honestly I thought I was gonna
kill me for a second I was like anyone
else anybody else well I kept thinking
are you dumb bro what's up Jack come
over oh yeah she's on her way
wait ah den a man shot the dentist for
letting me use this place pretty good
good room bro you know that that mole
pass like five minutes 10 minutes
however long the wood I don't really
remember there was like a blur bro I
just like like I get saying in my head
I'm like okay it's fine me and Jack
you're done so it's okay for her to move
on but then I'd be like but now with my
best friend I get myself wait is that
normal and oh right I started setting
down I started setting myself I yo maybe
that's normal maybe that's what people
you but then I'd be like no it's not
what people do and that's bad
nobody it was all dream you were acting
like so like such a different I was I
was looking at you and I'm like wait
this is it that won't lean all hard for
me to act that way cuz I've never been
so like confrontational with you oh yeah
we've never think that's the most I've
ever written my boys you know and
everything I kept looking at you like
this is not the same person I've known
since like kindergarten go and Dennis
you can get off the face I brought
nobody wants to talk to you right now
dennis is all like yeah dennis has to
get involved some he's not even in the
state dennis is in a different state and
he starts again hey that's a funny funny
now I'm laughing but before bro I'm
gonna be anything it's reaction and I'm
gonna be interested to watch it because
I don't remember what I was doing that's
how bad I was my vision and like my
brain was just done I didn't know what
was going on well you haven't used your
vlogging camera how long and you decide
to put it to use today this time you
decide you have to use for a good reason
what also are you gonna come play
basketball okay if you don't come play
basketball you I'm like gonna sue wait
could you imagine if you didn't face
that from your I was gonna call my phone
I know
please oh and then all he just started
FaceTime her right or FaceTime you
whoever it was FaceTime of you right
away so I couldn't call it you say bye
Dennis guys bye
get out of my life shit I'm pretty sure
I can pranks and crazier ways like in
terms of bigger scenes and you know more
like visionary pranks but I don't know
if I've ever been more mentally like I
was with
prank alleys you kept that going any
longer I just don't know what like I
don't know what would have happened well
I was really close to doing something
and saying something that I never ever
wanted to say to you of all people not
you and guys if you think that was that
just no that was Brandon aka everyone is
keeping his cool because this is my best
friend if it was anybody else sorry bro
that's just about Olli don't kiss me
right now Jackie no Bali I love you girl
I love you eh that's a good phrase
another good Frank I think I was funny
don't get you back you're right
guys I think that's gonna be the end of
this video I don't even know if I could
go play basketball every time I shoot my
hands gonna be shaky but you really are
like sweating right now but I'm sweat it
feels like you don't understand this
feeling all you just don't you don't I
hope you enjoyed today's video
no you okay you want to do a break you
do the outro you do the outro and you
edit this video - I'm not editing shit
and it's on your head
thanks for watching guys guys we can
drop a like if you enjoyed me getting
like I just don't know if you could tell
how mad I was I wish you were inside of
my body
cuz I'm sure what you see on camera is
not even 1/10 of how mad I actually was
subscribe to the channel thumbs up
thumbs up
I'll leave has a youtube channel if you
guys want to check it out you promise
that they're gonna start uploading more
all better sound blowing work okay Ollie
pop al IPO peace go check him out other
than that guys Brandon aka robotics I'm
gonna go try to like dribble a
basketball it seemed like it's still
playing I'm too angry but uh yeah guys
growl seems right
