Bosley okay if you guys were wondering
buzzers feeling way better because Brian
just showed him how he's playing we
haven't seen Bosley play like this in a
while by play I mean biting Brian's foot
Bosley okay Bosley is fuckin Bosley just
cuz I started recording doesn't mean you
Scott okay well just take my word for
that oh he's feeling better he he was
playing a lot already and it's been like
this for the past couple of days are you
going what you're done playing for the
day you only want to play for five
minutes so I just got to school and
today I only have one class so you
already know that makes me happy it's
math though and it's freaking almost
three hours long by the way people who
see the algebra textbook and say oh
you're in algebra I'm taking that in
like a high school or like late middle
school you guys it's different college
algebra is different than fucking other
algebra I didn't think I had to explain
that but I guess I do anyways yeah my
class 11:30 2 to 10 so this is gonna be
a hassle but I'll get back to you guys
after and then after that I'm gonna go
to the gym get ready for the son's game
six o'clock Phoenix Suns for Sacramento
Kings DeMarcus Cousins is out so that
will help our chances a lot why is the
sun shining so much in my face right now
I understand I'm a Suns fan but this is
pretty crazy I look like a ghost oh not
anymore um so yeah headed to class and
I'll catch up with you guys when I'm
done
2 X 7 class is over thanks Kelly
thank God I'm giving Chennault listen
I'm Ganesha not a ride to her car it's
too lazy to walk she doesn't have a
parking permit and we're fucking three
months into the semester wait ask me why
I'm vlogging with my phone cuz Brian
broke my camera he dropped it in the
fucking battery yeah he dropped it but
yeah I told you guys I was gonna go to
the gym after class but I'm actually
gonna go get food with borings and then
go to the gym
look the algebra textbook the one that
everyone says they're doing it tell them
okay you guys you guys are taking high
school or middle you know it's different
hot chocolate day
oddly Bryan's inviting you for some you
know what did you guys get in a fight
again we got the same thing decide
but you can go over my face okay
Lawrence claim sign off you broke out
just from hanging out with me your fans
look at this right here
no one's bad so you can start how is the
correlation with that to me so I'm back
from eating with loins and I saw
somebody waiting for me at the door
let's see
come here buzzy
let me come inside open the doors
because I saw Bosley waiting ready ready
okay
I guess she wasn't waiting for me Bobby
let's go back inside okay are you
fucking kidding me right now
so my dumb ass freakin for God to change
from my slippers into my shoes and I got
to the gym already so and I wish I was
wrong when I say this but this isn't
even the first time this has happened
and they don't let you workout in
flip-flops I mean I'm sure they wouldn't
mind but it's just weird and like so
instead of bagged biceps and abs I think
I'm just gonna do abs and maybe some
biceps damn sometimes I'm just so stupid
honestly
okay well names the fifth time they came
to see rug and you guys want to shine
anybody out at least show each other out
let's find sleep people who say I don't
eat home-cooked meals mom what did you
make I'm gonna say the name spaghetti
okay so my mom made tacos and stick
anywhere and these are the stuff for the
test
wait where's the sauce that's why I
don't have my oh my gosh my do you know
the one without the song yeah my mom
usually goes to Taco Bell in lies can I
tell them yeah you know you're doing I
just wanna give him a dollar okay she
goes she goes in told to God that she
just got talked with um they didn't give
her any sauce in the bag so they give
her a sausage she comes home well yeah
so this is gonna be my first home-cooked
meal of the year 2015 and it's November
3rd no I'm just joking I eat home-cooked
meals there's not as much the son's game
starts in about five minutes
Suns worse Kings do this no my dad who
my dad thinks he is watching the game
with me
PJ 10 you guys didn't see that you can
roll with Chandler watch tell you how
you know I'm telling you - Taylor
best player in the league Eric Bledsoe
rd with 8 points pass to Marty he has
eight points and two assists in five and
a half minutes lead it's the blood show
Dad your team is Owen for I don't know
why you're laughing mom hold on do you
remember anything from the mark scandal
how much of a bitch was he he was guys I
have a speech due tomorrow four to five
minute speech and I have to make a
PowerPoint presentation I haven't even
started and then I have to do an outline
it's almost seven o'clock and honestly
I'm over this guy's look what my
presentation is on my speech how to make
a youtube blog by Brandon no artists
let's do this
oddly what's on your back take a picture
take a picture yeah you're gonna kill
him hey badly ugly
where's that's not Halloween anymore
okay
nope oh that's my Gogan does you know
there's something though the sun's won't
last night my phone died like 3/4 of the
way through the game so I couldn't get
as much reaction as I would like but
they did win they ended up winning by 21
points eric bledsoe listen to this stat
line 19 points 8 assists 6 rebounds and
4 steals bran and I put up 17 TJ Warren
had 13 Alex Len had 16 off the bench
Tucker had 10 yeah I know we just beat
the King so it doesn't impress me too
much but still we took care of business
at home winning by 21 so um I was happy
then I celebrated with some in and out
like you guys saw and now I have a
history test which I'm ready for I'm
ready for my history test I was studying
last night and I've been studying this
morning but after that I have my speech
4 to 5 minute speech that I am not too
ready for it and I'm not excited about
that but
I mean you got to do it is I'm taking a
speech class so I got to go up there and
do my speech the sons one so I have to
go get me some sublet or Enda now Bosley
the sons one did you see that Bledsoe
had 19 points right and I had 17 Alex
line at 16 and now now I can enjoy my
food in peace and then obviously finish
my homework
Bosley like I said Bosley slowly getting
back to normal
mom I think he's secretly has a girl
where why else would he bother have you
was fighting in the couch cuz bothers
been way more happy like see it now I
didn't get on record while he was like
playing leave me in the sock for like
ten minutes
Bosley
