I got this okay
the gang is here Oh down doing what yeah
okay hey we're all wearing why I didn't
even notice the anthony was too um so if
you guys are wondering this vlog is
gonna be recorded with my phone the
whole thing rug tell them why camera
just randomly stopped working my brother
dropped I don't know how it happened Lee
my brother broke my camera I think it
fell from his lap or I fell when he
opened his car door and it broke it was
in my lap and it fucking just fell
battery came out and I thought it did he
do it my camera broke so now we need to
I know we're gonna do with that but you
know new cars uh are you I think we're
gonna go to the mall right now of course
I do apologize for this vlog being all
on my phone but it won't be long Anthony
where are we going where think I know we
think we're gonna go to the mall to get
gold chains at least me and Lawrence are
getting gold chains I'll know about
everyone else but obviously fake ones
not real ones forget I said that we're
gonna get run over
ooh I like the scenery
look at this
here let's do a peel speed hey why would
you do that
Lawrence are we ever gonna find my boy
different plans then go to the fucking
mall wait
don't fucking record me yet the bathroom
break everyone go pieces let's see was
it for the handicapped fuck are you
looking blog or your blog what do they
think of my outfit today I say a two out
of ten is scream listen it seems basic
as fuck no the shoes that's on the
pocket it doesn't casual it's casual and
and the shoes not attention you know I'm
saying like yeah the shoes match and
just glide like you have to be different
I don't know sometimes when I'm
different with my outfits I feel a
little if you like when I'm out how
public on my goopy black nose I'll go I
would still a day you follow the move
that's all you mean up no I'm definitely
high you know him weird
Lisbon I would play news about the
features right here in the hallway yeah
at the Lawrence used to work here
Lawrence you don't about you I did not
work here for a day
okay the Monday I work too since I'm the
senior in high school
you miss it I love this place I'm going
to come back and buy a window I
it's my little shit feels more folding
oh fucking this coming hit it in the
moaning why do you like teeth I'm not
joking
our private ones dating Wow let's see
their POV pretty good mad and she's like
what it's true really I'm like oh I'm
sorry about what the fuck is this mm-hmm
they taste like shit look oh yeah
well what's a pretzel produced is so
nasty go dip it in cheese yeah dip it in
I don't want to eat it I think for the
back anything don't ask me for it when I
turn the cam out to make up for that
shit I went and bought cinnamon pretzel
that those hot dogs were nasty I swear
sorry Macy's but eating right here oh
the icing looks so good what you think I
said lose famous let's try this
what is it fucking eat each other no
because the other one was long-running
eating shit it's not Food Network so
Brian's in the fitting room and he's
playing very well
oh my god no my playboys what I'm 29 by
29 Anthony loves tea this much haha
babies oh my god I'm on my way this
we're leaving right now
Suns game starts in 40 minutes so I'll
be back home watch the Suns game and
then if they win go back out because
I'll be too happy not if they win
they're gonna win lose hope
doesn't walk big Larry absolutely yeah
the sun's better Wayne please okay
Lawrence this Ron vlog thanks for join
me off I'll sing a little bunny to go
catch a son's game
Lord we're gonna t-bone and Topsy you
don't have to leave I have to so they're
trying to make me stay with them and not
watch the Sun game they're crazy I'll
see you guys in a little oh my god to
watch the game okay wait my keys
I forgot my fucking keys dude Lawrence
I'm sorry see you in a little wine yeah
they're trying to convince me to stay
with them like this is some sort of joke
I gotta watch the son's game
right on time now I'm ready to watch the
Sun pick up their first win of the
season hopefully let's do this Suns come
on guys look at these Suns Jersey
they're so sick they're exactly the
orange sleeved ones last year but
sleeveless they look ten times better by
the way this was crazy stole Casey and
Orlando game I just saw the highlights
it was crazy like yo look at the Sun
song so just where okay see one
really by how much I'm not sure it was
close by three or four look buying this
fight Tyson Chandler's nine points
already
yeah look those are the socks they're
wearing wish your sons are bestowing
their highest honor a private booty
Steve Nash will be 40 guys look do you
notice anything TJ Warren is in with the
whole starting unit there's blood so
Chandler night Markieff Morris and then
TJ Warren I'm telling you guys this dude
is gonna be big
we'll see you time will tell the sons
although they haven't looked great
they've looked much much better than
Game one
thank God guys so as much as I love
Brandon I his shot selection sometimes
it's terrible he takes he takes a bunch
of long twos or uh I don't know I mean
he does a bunch of good things obviously
the frickin starting point guard in this
league but sometimes his shot selection
is terrible it's kind of like jail green
if you guys know what I mean but uh it's
a tie game with two minutes left in the
half so not bad but not good so far
we'll see hopefully this turns around
okay let's see the last 15 seconds Sun's
up by six
I love recording the ends of quarters go
you saw time go what do you do there's
bless your nose know how they come out
how they come out hands way down are you
kidding me how did that come out I don't
know how that came out ooh see mashing
numbers getting inducted Phoenix Suns
ring about 1/2 ton weight honestly how
did that come Ali I was gonna be so high
that would have brought the whole house
down guys
tonight Steve Nash is getting inducted
in what is pretty much the Phoenix on
all of Fame the Ring of Honor Dirk
Nowitzki's there Charles Barkley's there
you guys saw Mike D'Antoni I fuckin
loved Steve Nash before I loved Bledsoe
draw edge before I loved all them there
was Steve Nash who I met and that's my
Jersey framed by him I told him I loved
him
well can't take a picture
I was a bit heartbroken no I'm not gonna
lie I was fucking heartbroken and cried
so much when he left to the Lakers but
this is the way he deserves to be I hope
one day he becomes like an assistant
coach for us this doesn't feel guys I
really think I'm gonna cry
well I already cried a little but I
think I want to cry some more I love you
steam I didn't prepare speech and we
gave you a lot of drinks yo-yo - all my
Laker fans out there what are those
shit damn that's not good they were down
30 at one point so Tyson Chandler just
picked up his first double-double as a
member of the sun's he has um let's see
after this free throws make up his
fourth version 14 points and 10 rebounds
and only halfway through the third the
Suns are up by 12 so I'm super happy
right now
residues of Markieff Morris Thunder up
by 14 with 8 seconds left in the third
okay well up by 14 going to the fourth I
can't complain so if you guys can't tell
by the smile on my face the sun's did
win they won 110 to 92 so they blew them
out in the second half almost a 20-point
win TJ Warren 17 points off the bench
remember what I said about him keeping
you guys updated Bledsoe had 22 grand
and I had 18 Tyson Chandler had 15
points and 13 rebounds um we looked good
last night so it's a great sign guys
this snapshot you're about to see I was
dying it was so funny we went to my
cousin's house last night after the
son's game and it was like sort of a
Halloween party but not really was sort
of like kind of something small and the
landlord who lives upstairs fucking came
down and joined the party and I was done
yeah yeah no idea what snapchat was and
I was snapchatting and just watch you'll
see it might be way funnier to me than
it is to you guys but I was dead it was
hilarious
someone get me help it's 4:40 a.m. 4:40
in the morning and I'm reaching the game
I'm just reaching the second half
because it was pretty good
what's up you guys Halloween morning
right now October 31st it's finally
Halloween first of all my voice is
fucking lost its lost um there's another
way around it's lost Phoenix Suns won
last night you already know I was happy
they play again tonight they actually
play the same team they play the Blazers
again tonight except this time it's
importantly last time I was in Phoenix
but anyways it's Halloween happy
Halloween I'm gonna whatever I do
tonight I'm gonna try to vlog but like
we said rug destroyed my camera so
whatever I do has to be with my phone
until I get a new one but um usually I
get haircuts on Monday and I actually
just got one today because Halloween
special so you know I had to go I hope
you guys enjoyed it I promise you guys
I'm gonna get a camera soon because I
can't be vlogging with my phone that's
hmm that's a no-no Bosley what are you
gonna do for Halloween are you gonna
wear a costume or no you want food oh
now you look at me hungry record this
live knife a ball okay my brother wants
me to record a live night as gold right
here it's gonna pop up or anyway I have
no idea what the fuck is going on but if
I actually get it okay I didn't with
this door skin that's what you get from
my camera oh yeah
okay bog Lee all right Brian's gonna put
you fool y'all put your food in like two
minutes okay well why don't you let us
dress you up for Halloween I would have
put you a son's Jersey and you could
have been aired blood so remember the
serial my brother literally ordered
cereal just where they don't tell him oh
shit waffle Chris you know it yes
waffle Chris was literally many boxes -
um yeah fuck yes dude waffle Chris was
Uriel ever guys last night we came home
and this was at our door someone made
this for a Brian with a bunch of candy -
Brian I'm gonna take them which was
hilarious I have no idea who um left it
Brian do you know who left it or what oh
yeah or I'm not even lefty or what time
they came or anything but this is funny
they hope you guys enjoy this vlog it's
been Broadus and I'm out peace
