hold up did you guys just see that intro
um let me play it again for you guys
right now did you guys see that intro
again thank you too Dennis warned his
Twitter is at Dennis Warren ninety nine
he made that intro for me and it came
out really sick the orange and purple
colors the Fetty WAPs song the word suns
with the suns logo it came out sick and
also if you guys haven't noticed my new
youtube banner that one was made by
Daniel Villa his Instagram is dnl HD it
came out great and I'm using it I mean
it looks sick so thank you guys both for
the intro and banner I appreciate it ok
so I just went and got myself another
burrito and honestly this is definitely
not OK this is my seventh day in a row
eating a burrito and actually it's at
least seven it might be more than that
and um I understand that I'm fit and I
exercise and I go to the gym everyday
but that's no excuse that doesn't change
the fact that my insides are probably
rotting because of food like this but it
just tastes so good
and at the same time I'm trying to put
on weight so it makes sense to eat fat
food but I gotta find another
alternative than fast food because this
is not okay I got to start cutting down
anyways it's 10:30 I got class at 11:10
so I was just gonna eat this really
quick and go to school just one class
today
I heard my dad dad I was going out last
night you're still alive you didn't die
right
behind on his work cuz you have to take
my mom out yeah I just brought me a
burrito
but I'm saying after today I'm cutting
down on fast food for sure I know I'm
cutting down for sure after today on
fast food my dad's the healthiest one in
this family and my mom they don't eat
they don't eat as much fast food me and
Brian are crazy
dad I know you didn't watch the son's
game yesterday but based on what I told
you what what are your thoughts well
we're lucky the season isn't one game so
that son's game last night
I mean like what do you want me to say I
was waiting not days not weeks but I was
waiting months for that game and uh it
was awful I'm not I'm a sons fan yeah
you're right but I'm not gonna sugar
call anything it was crazy they had it
was crazy how bad they played they came
out so unprepared lazy Markieff Morris
had four points he had five fouls in 11
minutes do you know how hard it is to
get 5,000 11 minutes that's definitely
not okay PJ Tucker had two points Tyson
Chandler had three points Brandon I had
six or seven turnovers I mean it was
like you guys saw how excited I was
before the game compared to how I was
after it was all in the same vlog and
there's a game Friday Suns worst Blazers
I'm gonna try to forget about the Suns
risk Mavs game and see if they can just
pick it up there's the good thing is
that had to have been rock bottom
there's no way that Suns could play
worse and I'm glad it happened to begin
the year but man that was absolutely
terrible I was like I was pretty pissed
off the rest of the night and I didn't
even watch the game again you know I
recorded it I wanted to watch it again
but I was like no way I'm not I'm not
doing this so yeah hopefully it was just
one game shake off the rust pick back up
on
Friday so one can only hope
anyways this burrito right now like how
am I supposed to cut down this is so
good it's me cheese guac
too good well Bowser's barking at the
mailman so that's kind of a good sign
that he's back oddly your depression
transferring to me both we have the
depression then the sons got killed so
now I have the depression look at that
loaf of bread mood what you wanna go by
the mailman he's not you can't go you're
gonna get in trouble he's gonna call the
cops and the cops are gonna cheat you
can't do that
reduced-fat what are you trying to tell
me mom it's fucked up so I just got out
of class I got out early I just got home
and guys why do I always do that people
okay I obviously knew I did it before
but I didn't know is this bad I always
go like this or like this and people
started commenting is some people
actually told me they started doing it
cuz of me I don't know it's just a habit
but um lunch crew usually ends playing
basketball around 1:00 or 1:30 probably
around 1:30 so i'ma quickly put my shoes
on and go play some basketball and then
lift i'ma hit legs today so I might be
at the gym for a while but at least
class got out early so I can play some
basketball rug going to work editing is
a video that videos gonna be uploaded
actually by the time you guys watch this
this videos already gonna put it Brian
do you have any thoughts on the son's
game from yesterday no it was like
they're like watching they're like
playing like the 76ers last season
that's how I see it well you guys know
usually I would kill my brother but on a
second are you
I don't agree with not being the 8c from
one game they're just boring to watch
now yeah but they were exceptional like
they were good like they were fun yeah
but you can't overreact forward to the
sons Sons can see it a lot is what's
happening with a lot of people and they
could be right but it's one game they're
overreacting if that was the case then
the Grizzlies lost by 30 at home by 2030
points so yeah the sons did look bad but
we try not to overreact Bodley yo look
at that that's literally a loaf of bread
like I just want to cut me a slice right
there make me a sandwich Bosley fuck you
you're not deaf you're depressed I know
you could hear me mom going to a gym
Thanks
I might have time to play some
basketball I'll show the sons how they
were supposed to play yesterday well at
least the Lakers lost to I know honestly
they lost pretty much out the buzzer
they lost by one point I was pretty bad
holy crap
54 ounces my dad brings these huge bags
of candy home and doesn't let me take
them to my room okay so that's fair I
get those and you get all this you get
the diabetes I get good flavor oh my god
mrs. Claus mrs. Claus dear Santa's
husband
I mean Santa's wife well unless Santa's
gay I was going out last night with my
dad was it more nights like that yeah
whenever the Sun okay so you actually my
dad's gonna take you out 82 times over
the next eight months dad she said every
time the sons play you have to take her
out next year next year are you guys so
about 5:00 p.m. right here I'm gonna go
hang out with Jackie right now no no I
didn't go to Party City so she can get a
costume or a costume for her little
sister I'm not sure yet but I know I'm
gonna go hang out there you guys still
haven't met her and um
I'm telling you guys I just don't wanna
you know like have the camera logging
and everything in her face already so I
promise you guys though eventually
eventually you guys are gonna meet her
but for now I'm going get hang out with
her and I promise I won't take long I'll
get back with you guys as soon as I'm
done
but for now peace out
watching a rerun of this game pretty
boring it's a blow I was just watching
for a prison yes he's looked okay he's
looked decent honestly let's let's see
two Bosley snoring
guys look what I was able to print today
Clippers sons this Monday 7:30 me and
rod are going to the game I can't wait
hopefully the sun's come out victorious
but Clippers are stacked but I don't
care I'm so happy
three more days let's go what's up you
guys so Friday morning I just left the
gym there's a son's game tonight in it's
at 7:30 and Steve Nash is getting
inducted into the Phoenix Suns Ring of
Honor so that I should be super exciting
and but most importantly the sun's need
to win this game it's yeah it's nice see
nice getting inducted that's gonna be a
great sight to watch but it's not gonna
be better than seeing a Suns W and
another thing people telling me stop
hating on the Spurs stop hating on the
heat stop eating on the Lakers guys it's
a sport we all have our favorite teams
and we all have teams that we hate it's
wha it's what makes the sport so fun if
I loved every team then there's there's
no point to support the Suns I mean it's
all fun anyways I don't actually hate
any of the players or organization it's
just funny that's what makes rivalries
that's what makes us were so fun to
watch you love and hate teams so you
guys need to calm down a little come on
guys but um anyways 50,000 subscribers I
woke up and I hadn't even known I got a
bunch of comments from people and I
looked and that's honestly crazy like I
have to do something special for you
guys I was thinking of a public prank
those are so hard to plan and go out and
get done but I have to do you guys are
supporting me 50,000 subscribers trying
to support you guys and um you better
better public prank is coming or a huge
prank on rug if you're watching this
Brian just forget I even said that but
something bigs gonna be coming for you
guys I mean thank you again for 50,000
subscribers and I might not look too
happy right now but that's just cause
I'm tired cuz I left the gym I'm
honestly so stoked and I'm so excited so
uh thank you guys again
No oh my god at the end of my vlog mom
yes that's up to you oh I got 50,000
subscribers that you wanted no way yeah
I was saying thank you yeah well I'm
doing something in a different video
because this video I just realized I
have 50,000 right now yeah the suns are
gonna win tonight there's the end fifty
thousand subscribers thank you guys on I
have a video coming for you guys
something special oh and another thing
look what the Suns do to me you guys
already know how every Friday I hang out
with Lawrence and we make vlogs and you
guys enjoy those well there's a son's
game today so if I hang out with
Lawrence I have to come back home by 7
o'clock because you guys already know
I'm not missing the game so I'd have to
hang out with him come back home watch
the game and then depending on if they
win or lose then I decide if I go out or
not again
so yes I'm gonna go see Lawrence but
it's rather than staying out of them all
the time rather than saying out with him
all night I'm gonna come back home at
7:00 to watch the game yeah so my mom
loves that there is the son's game
because I'm gonna come back home early
but and if they lose I'm gonna stay home
because I'll be too depressed but if
they win then I'm asked to go back out
fathers drinking cold water so he can be
not depressed anymore Bosley loves my
aunt my mom's sister her name is red
jack so she she comes over a lot of
times to cheer him up let's go see her
right now
that's Jessica's mom Jessica Anne
Amanda's mom you guys know that both
okay watch so she just hid right
watching Bodley wears red jab hi young
father where's your jab go find my jab
cape and I start looking for okay he
already knows where she went
Red John he already knew where you was
that's Jessica mom right John everyone
knows Jessica Lakers game it's okay we
lost my twice that's the only thing that
means that's the only thing that makes
him happy
good job let me see your tattoo
so rajaat thinks she's cool like me that
what does it mean that mean
she's Catholic number one you go get it
go get young it's called
guys before I end this vlog I just
wanted to tell you guys I want to let
you guys know before there was Bosley
there was bozo a couple years ago I
think like five or six years ago we had
a Pomeranian named bozo and I was going
through my old videos on my laptop and I
found a really funny video of um well I
think it was funny just cuz of how ugly
I looked but uh you guys will see before
there was ballsy there was bozo I'm
gonna show you guys right now
