okay what's up you guys bro what is here
and I'm here with my mom and today we're
gonna be doing the Q&A everyone was
requesting for me to do a Q&A so I was
kinda like I wanted to add a spice to it
so not only am i doing it with my mom
but most of these questions are kind of
like embarrassing it's gonna be kind of
an embarrassing or kind of like kind of
above the bar Q&A before we start I do
want to say that in four hours the
Phoenix Suns play their first game and
I'm super I'm so happy what did I do
something happens I had to share my
Simon with everyone but they are playing
today yeah
7:30 but nobody cares I'm gonna start
off first question these are all from
you guys I post an Instagram picture
these came from all my Instagram
comments this is kind of for both
Brandon what are your plans for the
future and what are you going to school
for and does your mom support it so my
plans for the future I'm going to school
for broadcast journalism like media
journalism cuz I want to write and
report for the Phoenix Suns in the
future and that's what my major is gonna
be and I wanna know if my mom supports
it and I would love to do it myself
this one's just for me you can chip in
each one but is just for me Brandon what
are your goals at the gym someone
mentioned are you trying to be like
bodybuilding or just safety I'm honestly
just saying trying to stay fit I don't
want to get big and I don't want to like
for me just put on like five to ten
pounds of muslin I'm good I focus more
on basketball do you have anything to
say or
okay this one's for you how do you feel
about all the pranks Oh God
those two boys that I have one day they
I don't know the last the one who did
the jail one hell one that reached over
100 was it you convinced me I was so
scared
I wish Brian got it on camera because if
he show it that would be there was more
I was okay next question for my mom how
do you feel about Brandon's haircuts
every single week you should know my dad
would break my laptop I don't believe
when he say it's like yesterday he got a
haircut and I didn't call me Mom
can you believe money dollar yeah no I
do not okay this one mom and have you
ever caught Brandon drunk
sitting watching the door open just like
this at that moment I knew I fucked up
first of all she said let me smell ya
more than once
okay next question
is Brandon's obsession too much for the
sons and how would you after they lose
this crazy obsession crazy I mean I
don't know just too much really okay I
can't change I hope that son know how
you feel about them one day you're gonna
get recognized well and when they lose
but when she does stay home it's not so
with all that being said the sun's
better when their first game today oh
this one came most embarrassing or funny
moment for you guys together where were
we when the Simon at Denny's I don't
know because we speak Cal D we were
speaking Chaldean and and my mom is the
biggest shit talker in the world so she
was like talking shit about this person
not not that bad
was Dennis because and he turned around
he said thank you in our language and me
and Brendan was so bad yeah we've had I
still do it yeah she still does it and
she gets mad when I talk shit about
people okay mom this one's for you
how does it feel living with essentially
two vloggers who just have their camera
out all the time I like it but sometimes
it's too much like they locked in in the
room like they don't know I'm sleeping
no next how do you feel about Brandon's
tattoos I don't know over not
overprotective but just to like like
Jule I don't want nothing wrong oh yeah
everything perfect I won't brand it to
be the perfect Brian to be the first
good guy so at first but I don't want
him to read that if he wants to take
that off it's not gonna happen take what
on I mean that that's cool
imagine if he get married with a wife
like my name and his name you know what
I would say too bad you're Manning me
for me not for my damn tattoo on my arm
on to the next girl okay mom this one's
for you
go name all the sons players you could
what so if Goran jogger toast on the
team I would be in Phoenix right now the
twin brother Mark II Alex line yeah why
is he handsome because he looks like me
okay so I guess my mom only um knows
Eric Bledsoe well that's good enough she
knew I got no sleep now no she used to
know Goran dogged gerald green all of
them but they got Dell traded okay mom
what do you love most about your son not
too smart but like passing grades I'll
say I'll say what I love most about my
mom I love most on my mom she's super
nice
and she does a bunch of work around the
house like she's like I can show you
guys text when I don't pick up my
clothes
holy I'm I'm good Superman what I don't
like is for example when I go out late
and I come home I already know she
literally like a Hulk staring out the
door waiting for the knob to turn just
so I can come home the biggest who's the
bigger trouble maker me O'Brien the
answer is me which is why which is why
the mom I'm going to jail prank was so
believable cuz if rug tries to do that
my mom would be like no she doesn't
believe it I'm not saying I'm a bad
person you know not she just um he's
living his life he's a teenager but I
want him to be careful
Brandon wait actually I'll let you
answer this one whatever you want so
this question was essentially for me I
actually got it like 20 times throughout
the comment thread are you a virgin I
don't know for sure when actually
Brandon's car which I still do something
no there's no use ones in my car
there's no use okay so I'm not gonna
answer this question I let my mom answer
and that's all she said is that bad or
no like am I gonna get sure I want to
through until you get Batson are these
okay we have two guys or girls yeah but
you are living in a generation with
thoughts and all these people going
around well this God all could real
quick last one well speaking of awkward
the last one has my mom ever caught me
go you could answer got you one I don't
do unless I know for sure I'm not gonna
get caught yeah we don't need though you
have okay so my mom was feeling explicit
in this video but it's okay okay so
that's it for this Q&A that was yeah
that's it I know it was pretty funny and
I if you guys want me to do another one
soon again with my mom with my brother
which I'm sure you guys honestly or even
with my dad dad with my dad who has
absolutely no emotion see that's no
that's proof she's living in the old
generation mom let me tell you now if a
girl sent me a full page and I replied
with cake you think she would ever see
me my whole entire life you're lucky I
mean my dad's lucky that you're still
seeing him so yeah do you guys if you
guys want to see another Q&A then leave
it in the comment below I wanna see a
bunch of likes and also just comment
what you guys thought about these
answers I think this was pretty funny
and I hope that some of your questions
made it into the video thank you guys
supporting Brandon and keep keep
watching us bruh wadis out
