womp wow this is crazy
honestly all I'm gonna say is that thank
God NBA season starts in two days thank
you Jesus thank you God
Phoenix Suns basketball returns in two
days we don't need no more of this
uh-uh at home are you fucking kidding me
that's crazy let's get my dad's expert
opinion on the Chargers first half
dad the hell are you doing this is what
I come downstairs to I don't even know
what you're doing
position the
containing one
oh so that's what we're putting in place
of the grill
that someone said do you ever stop doing
work around the house or also I'm going
to watch the charger game well that's
what I came down for your expert opinion
on the first half
I know I agree with that but you already
know what's coming in 48 hours so that's
okay
touchdown the comeback starts here 37:12
about to be down 24 points with less
than 13 minutes in the fourth I mean
there's plenty of time to come back
right sike came over beautiful Sunday
here in San Diego but as I'm watching
this terrible Chargers game I just want
to clear something up y'all crazy I
swear um so you guys remember my last
vlog where me my cousins my friends we
were all at that hookah lounge and I got
you don't even believe you can check it
out yourself how many comments I got
saying wow I lost so much respect you
guys smoke weed or wow you guys are so
high just stuff like that first of all
call me crazy but I don't think there's
a lounge where you go and sit down and
smoke weed I mean first of all I don't
think that's legal like kinda I'm not
being mean but you guys need to use your
heads it's a hookah lounge they're all
over the place um it's legal you got to
be 18 years old
it is not weed you don't get high or
anything um we would not be doing that
stuff if it was I don't know I thought
when I posted that in my head I was like
okay everyone knows where the hookah
lounge is it's all good but apparently
not after reading all the comments
anyways you can't deny that that video
was turned that video was lit was super
fun but no none of us were smoking weed
none of us were high um also and then
the people who didn't know it was hookah
I kid you not one person commented
saying your life is he said something
like you're headed in the wrong
direction or your life is headed in the
wrong direction bro first of all I don't
smoke hookah
it wasn't what everybody wanted to go so
I'm just like whatever let's go and SEC
I'm not gonna comment on that but uh I
just had to get that out of the way
because people were legit believing
that we were smoked we were sitting in a
loud smoking weed in front of everybody
it just blows my mind but I mean I
didn't think I had to give this little
speech but I guess I do anyways this
charger game is utterly terrible there's
no point in me even watching it anymore
I'm about to go grab some food with
Anthony you guys know Anthony oh well
watch it's gonna hit literally addicted
where is nice you will love it look I
mean no not is she's like she's okay but
not someone you drool over all over but
he just caught up in the moment are you
gonna come or no I don't think so
turn around ahead of me he's turning
down eating with some friends to watch
weeds look
let's go see like what my dad is even
doing or how far he's gotten with what
he's doing
come back
pretty good visual writer got her
little tips to
Oh
that that's what's needed for this game
to watch this game Oh dad you finished
okay
my dad finished already and dad more
plants over here or what okay so I don't
know when but more plants are going to
be added there by Bosley two-point
conversion really so I should stay or
leave
yeah Stu position game six minutes yeah
I'm leaving for I know Bosley wait don't
go outside
how's the target wait what did your dad
your dad needed literally you're so mad
he said the charges my least when he's
had too late basis and he walked
Israelites sleep
there's video
not like the first target the beta for
the new guitar hero played by Anthony
this dude was playing it for like 30
minutes and Anthony made me fucking way
yeah why was he playing it for so long
he's right there actually
my childhood Mario not recording you
fine why do they have Fetty WAP imagine
what would you do I would fuck him by
this shit right now maybe what not yes I
would if they have tied you up I
guarantee all done what's going on guys
phase rogue here and today's video is
gonna be everyone saw me it's so hard so
what color are these cupcakes
some scholars so ice color so we have to
buy them now orange and purple even if I
saw orange um look we have to buy that
to whatever is Halloween your fear
whatever I have to whatever I see that
orange and purple I have to buy even if
it's a piece of shit that's orange and
purple I have to buy it no get the me
honestly you look better with that then
you honestly know my hair back I was
about to do that
we're more rub took Bosley to the fat ok
what was he officially diagnosed with
yes Brian Brian they didn't want to see
how you're going to be after we get it
okay so Bosley is showing signs of
depression
Basel you spoiled brat we literally we
give Bosley food there's always people
home with them at all times we bring our
family over to play with him we buy him
toys we do everything for him and you're
showing signs of depression Bosley if
anything I should be showing signs of
depression the sons lost five
buzzer-beaters watching and missed the
playoffs five years in a row say hi
you can see can I use your phone really
fast to call my phone get in first
I'm recording for the vlog rugged a man
on a date
wait typical comer
you know what is home I'm in the room he
didn't know Chanel ruined it what the
hell is me and rug know how to hear rugs
and shit tonight she know school
tomorrow class tomorrow
do you guys know that we still don't
know our teachers they're limited to
Brannon what the fuck are you reading
Thanks
some big dog how's your depression
Bosley you
so there's depressed Basel you're just
searing out into the streets
okay you feel better yeah so hopefully
Bosley doesn't really have depression
because that would be pretty sad I think
he's just getting older because you guys
know how pugs are really lazy and sleep
a lot
so hopefully the doctors are just
overreacting all right guys so that's
going to conclude today's vlog if you
notice I'm wearing my Jersey I'm bout to
go to the gym play some pickup
basketball on my class got cancelled
today so I'm extremely happy about that
so right when I heard it was canceled
threw on my Jersey by to go to the gym
um also it's Monday so you guys already
know haircut time but um that's at two
o'clock so I'll go play some basketball
before and also still no word on whether
Fetty WAP is performing at that concert
or not I'm waiting on that and last but
not least before I go two more days two
more until the Phoenix Suns season
starts the NBA season actually starts
tomorrow
I think um I know the calves and bulls
play in the Warriors I don't know the
Warriors play but that's tomorrow
however in two days Phoenix Suns Dallas
Mavericks I'm stoked and I can't wait
and I do hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog although majority of it was
recorded from my phone I've to get my
camera fixed ASAP on if any of you guys
know what this means let me know it says
mode dial is not in position and
honestly like I'm not I don't know what
that means and it hasn't been working
for the past like day so I gotta get
that figured out ASAP but it's member
watties and I'm out and thank you guys
for watching oh one more thing guys on
the whole arm Bosley situation honestly
myself I don't believe he's depressed
just because I know how doctors are like
if you take a dog saying he's sick and
he looks depressed they're obviously
gonna say that he is and just try to get
you like to pay for some shit that he
doesn't need but at the same time he
could actually really be depressed so
let's just hope he's not cuz that's
honestly pretty sad and I joke around
with Bosley all the time people think I
really hate him I fuckin loved that dude
I don't everytime I yell at him is just
for a joke and he knows it I know he
knows it in his small little brain he
knows that it's just a joke to me I'm
just hoping that they're just trying to
scam us out of some money and get a
to buy medicine that he doesn't really
need because you guys know pugs get old
they're really lazy they always have
this sad little face but um who knows if
you really enterprise that would suck
we gotta get him
