there is mr. rug now verified sub
verified how does it feel
I see all the Twitter interactions like
on the lockscreen and it runs like
congrats Congrats this is there than 1
mil subs no huh
for it it's up now I'm just kidding no
it's not but it's definitely up there
that was my second like milestone to get
verified Bosley wait it's October I hit
one mil suds and got verified in the
scene and today's Friday so it's the
usual vlog with morons oh yeah I want to
come with you guys today yeah we don't
even know what we're gonna do
yes P just like walking in T I watched
weeds a couple years ago and I told my
brother just to like watch it he
literally watched like 15s yesterday you
know when you left I was watching me
uh-huh and before that I was watching it
for like an hour and then when you came
back I was still watching it where I
watched like the scene episode I know
it's a good get buzzing my brother has a
crush on Nancy Botwin but she's like 50
years old and he's not he's almost 19 ok
she's 51 which is during the show it
doesn't matter she's not cute don't get
me wrong I was still smash but she's not
hot Bosley stop drinking
Bosley's drinking heavy right now
Brian's drinking - how was the sandwich
good guys I just got back from the gym I
was about to hop in the shower but my
brother gave me a warning Brian what's
the warning you yes mom I was showering
I had to do my body and it started
flying cuz look I picked up my loo it's
somewhere over here like behind this
thingy
Oh where's on the shampoo I think it's
dead oh my shit no you should have seen
it lying around when I was in there like
look at the water over there because I
came about to meet up with Lawrence my
brother's coming along too
again mom how are you feeling
my mom has a headache and toothache from
doing a shot of not tequila yeah maybe
whiskey I hide it in my closet you don't
know where first I'm gonna go to Jamba
Juice with Jackie and I'm gonna meet up
with Laurence and Brian no I'm gonna go
to Jamba Juice really quick and then
meet up with Laurence and Brian okay
what I good we can't get it by my food
no we came to eat at
Toto sushi I'm not a big fan of sushi
they forced me to come here but I'm
starving so I'll eat anything right now
I forgot to record the food but there's
some control left
had some tinfoil crunch oh but that's
gone too guys where did you think we
were gonna fuckin end up we're at the
mall we're at a different one now yeah
we're going to the mall and we might go
to Dave & Buster's after we don't know
what did you buy I bought two sweaters
my brother bought he bought two sweaters
and on some joggers we came here for
Lawrence to buy a fucking hoodie me and
my brother Basha and Lauren didn't spend
anything he's trying to get us to go to
a different mall what I know about that
we're literally at a different mall all
we do on Fridays is fucking go to malls
and not buy anything this needs to stop
oh yeah this needs to stop this is for
my vlog you guys go say what's up yeah
Anthony I can't even God in public
anymore a million subscriber lines just
have a seat
how was the jack-in-the-box sandwich how
was the sandwich it was pretty cool
roads all I tasted worth Tabasco and
what about protein a little bit of goat
cheese and I'm like what the but not
protein no I actually didn't get like my
bite wasn't big enough for the place way
something has no prices at fries cuz
I'll take this for free the shit tonight
look there's no prize come on just you
know better this for my blog I see it
this is normal hair why'd you let just
go out like that
yeah the Teddy Brown snapchat that bites
this fucking guy choose the thing that's
what she looks like
that's a new style right there I guess
colored okay that too purple hair blue
hair
low-key Kylie Jenner
it's a ethnic on the black thing
alright guys next morning and it's time
to conclude my vlog first and foremost
if you don't call that an adventurous
Friday then I don't know what is I mean
we went to two different malls we went
to Dave & Buster's we went to the suka
lounge last night was turnt it was super
fun um what's it called yeah it was
really fun and I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog um also about Fetty WAP really
quick I saw this report and and said
that he's gonna recover in five weeks
and obviously the concert were going to
is in two weeks so I was all bummed out
and then I see this video courtesy of
you guys literally on Twitter Instagram
I got tagged in this video like 20 times
and I think it was pretty funny but um
he was sitting on like a king's chair
with his foot resting up and he was
still performing and there is no
official word on whether he's gonna
perform when we go yet his name is still
scheduled by mean he's cancelled most of
his other tour dates if he comes out and
still performed with a broken foot
sitting down on a chair I would fucking
love life you guys don't even understand
I mean I love life regardless but if
Fetty WAP came out and performed still
after breaking his leg oh my god I'm
just hoping on that my voice is frickin
done like it felt like we were at a
concert literally the whole hookah
lounge was dead everyone was just
sitting and chilling and we we were like
you know what this is fucking boring so
we like no we just we turned that place
up I just saw in my frickin jacket that
I'm home from the mall that they left
that censored thing on so I have to go
all the way back right now I'm about to
going a little bit to go get that shit
