I really know what food do you want we
got not a breakfast burrito I get I'm
gonna go get my brother food as a
congratulatory what time is it
chick-fil-a breakfast is done in five
minutes
am I gonna make it I'm gonna make it
yeah I think I probably wouldn't eat
that I say some golden be no no no what
do you want I'll eat anything I'm so
hungry yes fuck what is behind agenda no
no I'm not getting any no it's Ted it's
barely 10:00 in the morning and he dies
right now okay well I was gonna go to
gym to play that's all 11:30 so we have
to get food now
you
all right you guys so here's what's
going on
you saw me ask my brother while he
wanted to eat right
he thought I was doing a vlog I was
being nice because he got verified this
morning which by the way congrats rug
Congrats Brian because there's barely
anyone in this world who's verified and
now you're one of them so I'm congrats
on that but you're getting pranked you
saw me asking him what food he wanted to
eat and he decided he wanted
jack-in-the-box so I'm gonna get him
some jack-in-the-box but his sandwich is
not really going to be made by
jack-in-the-box it's kind of going to be
made by me I'm gonna get him his
breakfast Jack whatever sandwich she
wants and in that breakfast jack we're
gonna add some goat cheese and protein
powder we're gonna add a ton of Tabasco
which he hates he hates hot food we're
gonna add some I came and say this
without making that face sour soup base
mix it literally looks like two pieces
of shit on the on the tub I'll know what
this is
hopefully it's gross and obviously some
red wine vinegar and don't I'm a nice
person so I'll get him another breakfast
Jack so he could eat regularly but the
first one he tries is not gonna be that
one good how are you thank you so yeah
uh three breakfast Jack's one is for me
one is really for rug and then one is
gonna be the prank one vote people who
are watching are gonna think I have some
sort of crazy craving like some sort of
fucking fetish for all this shit on my
burger don't worry guys just a prank on
my brother
but now let's get to work I don't want
to risk any mess in my car so we're
outside
literally just created the worst
jack-in-the-box breakfast sandwich in
the history of whatever the hell you
want to call it but like I was literally
gonna puke just like smelling it it was
it's so gross so let me just give this a
recap ham egg cheese red wine vinegar a
bunch of Tabasco protein powder goat
cheese and sour soup base makes people
thought I was doing one of two things
one they thought I'm fucking psycho and
that I have some some sort of craving
for all the shit on my sandwich or two
they thought I was trying to poison
somebody cuz it looked like I was just
mixing all these fucking chemicals
either way it looked bad but uh it
doesn't matter I do this for you guys
and now hopefully we're gonna get rug
really good verified rug what I'll just
closing out my blog oh I was gonna say
verified well your foods here yeah I got
me through as a congratulations what do
you say thank you then you double up in
baking with what fog and wash no not a
blog called UT video and I'm like
including the blog in the colony video
and then the PC game that I play
Congrats on being verified what did you
taste most other to that spectacle
cheese I think yeah let me I'm fucking
dick I'm dying I'm dying my brother just
tried it I'm dead oh my god I'm so dead
right now hold on yes
okay let me get it miss we go one shit I
should have drank this one too
you're so ungrateful balls would have
ate that for sure No
look you can check inside that one's
good daesil yeah it's good
okay well duh
that was my plane to my brother we did
get in five people thought I was a
maniac I was outside my car mixing all
the ingredients and everybody was
looking at me outside of Jack and so rug
now is back you got verified but I don't
care we still got him good I should do a
giveaway for this anyways rug is out the
waters out and I hope you guys enjoyed
