pawsley stopped he literally that's his
way of asking me to open the door Bosley
ask nicely and I'll open it don't then
time out he just sits there stares at
the door
okay sit sit I'll open the door sit okay
I'll open the door
okay guys if you're wondering why
Chanel's here we literally have a math
midterm in 12 hours we are so screwed
people know just like study and do the
homework and it like day in and day out
throughout throughout the chapter I've
been like we were supposed to start at 7
p.m. and this shit's so hard we're using
math wait no or not don't worry a
professor oh no this is super hard
instead of studying of course this is
what we do come on we gotta study you
guys like my backpack
I literally struggle with math so much
okay so we're taking out we're taking a
study break right now angry grandpa and
we're gonna get food where do you want
to go actually not jack-in-the-box
Carl's jr. holy shit this is Loki my
third or fourth time eating fast food
today oh I know
it's not about gaining weight on my
insides are probably done yeah the
weight really calls Junior I know yeah
tell me what you want
pretty please chicken tenders hey Brad
Carl is jr. the lady's gonna spit in our
food because we're taking so long
oh it's what time 103 and why is your
back on hocus pocus just tell me please
it's for Halloween my mom thought it was
a picture of me and a dude I look like
them um how ready are we I say we're
50/50 yeah I say we're we're okay study
for the date that's what we always
understand like it's okay I know but
we'll see I think we're okay this study
session helped a lot so the y-intercept
is the order trying to win point X for X
intercepts well I'll see you in like
eight hours nine hours I don't know bye
okay what's up you guys um so the
morning of my test it's actually in like
30 minutes
and honestly we studied so much last
night and I woke up early this morning
to study that I feel like I'm ready but
you guys know the story you feel like
you're ready you do all the review
problems you know you do the homework
and then you get to class and see the
tests and you're just like what the fuck
is this so I'm hoping it's not like that
but um I mean I feel like I'm ready
we'll see it's an important test so
hopefully I do good
she knows on her way right now um guys
look my dad I wish I was vlogging this
when I was at the gym yesterday he took
out cuz we got a new grill like about a
month ago and he took out the old grill
I don't even know how he did it but here
I don't know my dad's crazy and I don't
know what he's gonna put there maybe
some more plans I'm not sure but you
guys know my dad likes doing these kind
of things so I'm interested to see what
you put you guys know that my garden
used to be grass and then my dad did all
of this
he put tile and here and everything it
used to be grass with like plants
everywhere buzzer are you gonna go poop
so that you don't do it inside the house
uh-oh
dropping a deuce number two
oddly let's go on Brian's dead after put
your button is face wake him up
ready of course not
let's go we have to go buy Bosley
hey stop licking your paw
Bosley Brown yeah I'm starving honey
he'll get a good breakfast over here no
the best of gesture hey where's your
gushers in my room double cell for
double nutrition just for the test I
don't need what now study name is Xenia
I'm pretty sure we're studying for class
I'm just not prepared
like I'm just I don't know what to do
with my life
you have 10 minutes Brendan said we have
20 minutes because he's hungry
well are you gonna take an outro snake
attack listen so Chanel rode with me to
class and I'm only going to take like 20
minutes on the test so Chanel you better
fucking
hungry I'm hungry these waters shut mine
you Jenkins Brennan loves what Brenda
and my dad look you guys know who my dad
is
do you guys know how to tell him how
they wouldn't know him tell them how
they would know your dad can I get a
glass of water please
Brendan can I get a glass of water he
loves ice-cold water yeah that is the
ice-cold water
maniac like what I am what I am to the
Phoenix sighs that's what he is ice cold
water just loves water I don't know why
okay well almost at school so I'll just
keep you guys updated I'll let you know
how we think we did on the test compared
to when we get our results back but I'm
not showing my result okay - mom hey I
did okay on my math test
yeah you needed some of this to do
better audition l do I did okay we we
both did okay we can't say anything more
or less we'll find out what guys next
time say better than okay well we don't
want to lie to you yeah that's true like
you can never have look at those noses
are getting bigger from the lies
- already don't I never and it's no
longer legs since you were born then
what about you need ya super skinny that
I can't turn to the side whatever I'm
being requested Bosley never lies he has
the smallest nose ever
he has loudly you've never lied in your
life yesterday Bosley was snoring so I
know but it's not laughing um we're
about to go eat before I go to the gym
we're gonna get wahby grill and eat it
at my house we're gonna get food to go
eat at her house and then I'm gonna go
to gym what about the channel what a
usual day like my life is literally
chanel my life is on repeat every day
same thing every time I come Brandon
what are you doing I'm gonna go get some
food and go to the gym i'ma go to gym
two times today because I'm gonna go
work out right now and then at like 5:30
or 6:00 a bunch of people are gonna go
play basketball so I'm gonna go back to
ball up you know
would you run over oh shit she literally
did this on purpose I could pay for her
wait look that's that's his yellow truck
for work and one time he parked it and
we woke up with a note saying next time
don't leave your your yellow monster
yeah I'm not going up this driveway my
but my grille would be done for if I
went up here yeah mine is mine is that
look at this shit how do you even get
down to know I have to turn my car like
you guys might recognize this house from
some of rugs challenges he does with
Anthony and oh shit my foods in the car
hold on oh shit speaking of rugs
challenges there's the arrow he left it
here for those wondering what wobble
grill is it's so good I don't really
like it but it's a bunch of protein wait
Brandon doesn't like it but he gets it
every day low key so I have two ice
cubes in my water right here and I set
Chanel's data picture and I said is just
enough ice or more and he said more he
love literally he just said more fine
I'll go get more Chanel you wanna come
to a gym why I just I'm just not
motivating
okay I don't know about you guys but I'm
big on breakouts I believe chocolate
makes you break out in the face and so I
wanted a little cookie before I went to
the gym I said Brandon look we have
cookie shoot yeah she said oh we have
cookies over here you know I'm expecting
like a chocolate chip cookie look at
this fucking shit look at this monster
we got it from the side
it's literally a cake it's a holy shit
and it looks so good it looks so good
but I'm not touching that cuz that she's
gonna cause like 15 pimples just from
that holy crap I didn't even know how
this you know it's huge I literally
thought it was gonna be like one
chocolate chip cookie in here that's God
but I'm not gonna lie it looks so good
showing on split it oh no all that being
said now he's eating the freaking thing
okay good oh yeah yeah wait before I go
to the gym we found some bean boozled
jelly beans as I'm sure you guys are all
familiar with Chanel please eat some
black one yeah come on Brennan at the
same time what is skunk skunk or
licorice they could both be good okay
was it both skunk oh yeah I didn't tell
them about the breath Brendan did it in
class and the whole class smelt like I
couldn't even talk if I said one word
people would think there was a wild
skunk in the fucking back of the class
in Brandon's mess but here recording me
I wanna try the dog food
where is it that's why fucking dog food
feed it to the dogs hey guys well it was
nice vlogging with you guys today please
visit my youtube channel just kidding I
don't have one but Brendan's going to
the gym now well I did a gym so she
knows doing the outro yep
well it was nice hanging out with you
guys I don't know what to say how do I
end it and if I say I came keys bruh wat
is out
shit shit shit Jay bro is out peace now
