what's going on you guys brought us here
and to be completely honest I'm freaking
stressed out right now let me tell you
guys why it's 10:00 a.m. right now and
in one hour at 11 a.m. I have my history
midterm that's worth 50% of our grade
50% of our grade and um let's just say
that I live by this motto that is do
today do today
and for all you kids in school out there
whether it's high school elementary
middle school or college I don't
recommend you live by this motto but
that's what I do
I mean test today so I'm studying today
and I mean I still expect to do good but
I'm still stressing out a midterm with
50% of our grave that's today tomorrow I
have a midterm for math and math is not
my strong suits you follow me on Twitter
I tweet about struggling math all the
time and then Thursday I have another
mentor for history which is the writing
portion today's the answering the
questions Thursdays of writing two
essays in class whoever invented college
I'm joking but um yes so you could say
I'm a little too south but there's
bigger problems in this world let me
tell you guys what so the tickets I
bought for the concert in November 8th
where me my brother and a bunch of our
friends and cousins were gonna go the
concert was you know Kendrick Lamar tied
all signed Rae sremmurd and Fetty WAP
right well if you guys remember Fetty
WAPs suffered that motorcycle crash and
for me you know it's been like two
months so Fetty WAP was gonna be there
right
he cancelled all his tour dates and
appearances up until November 6 our
concert is November 8th so there's a
slim chance that he'll still perform if
he doesn't perform
I do not know I mean I would honestly
yeah you could say you could say Oh
Kendricks gonna be there you know ty
dolla sign I'm trying to think who else
there was there were other people but I
just can't Oh future if future is gonna
be there
but if steady web doesn't go I swear I'm
I'm gonna be so upset like you don't
even understand I'm gonna be at the
concert like this and everyone's gonna
be everyone's gonna be rocking out and
I'm just gonna be like this just crying
but no I'm just joking i'ma still have a
good time but as of right now it's not
official he cancelled up to November 6
the contract November 8 so there's
literally like a slim chance that he'll
still perform and not please please fit
perform I'm telling you please just
study study more and I'm gonna keep you
guys updated I'll let you know how I
think I did and then I lob viously let
you know what I got whenever we get our
scores back anyways yeah Tuesday right
now Phoenix Suns season starts eight
days from today it's a week from
tomorrow a week from Wednesday I just
want you guys to remember don't forget
because that is gonna go down as one of
the most important days in US history so
don't forget that eight more days
okay so this little practice tests on
Quizlet I got 97% and a plus so if
that's an indication of what's to come
thank you God
that's all I'm gonna say okay so I was
about to go to school right now it's
10:35 I'm on my way to chick-fil-a grab
something to eat real quick and then I
have to go to school and be in class by
11 o'clock I already know I'm gonna get
comments saying Fetty WAP is trash why
are you upset that he's not gonna be at
the concert listen I fucked with Fetty
WAP I fuck with Fetty WAP Eppie and I
don't care if you guys don't everyone
called in trash and I honestly believe
that everyone just calls him trash to be
like everyone else because that's just
how people are but yeah I just have to
put that out there by the way did
anybody see Drake's hotline bling' video
yesterday that shit was hilarious at
first I was like
dude this dude lost his touch he can't
dance but then I realized it was all
part of the video and that shit was
hilarious I mean let me just say this
you know Drake is on top of the music
world when he can come out with a music
video dancing like that that shit was
hilarious and on Twitter all those
fucking videos that people are but yeah
that video was hilarious
I guess the chick over here knows me cuz
she literally knew my order right when I
pulled up to the speaker I wish I got
that on record
then how are you yeah please thank you
okay we just finished our mentor and say
what's up Anthony Kosar
we just finished I think I did let's
just wait till I find out how I did
because I don't know we're trying to
look up some of the answers right now
but that shit was hard I swear Bosley
who's there who's there
what is that my mom don't cry you're
gonna see her she has to walk through
the door oh she's gonna go from the
garage come here
wait Bosley don't go outside hold on
wait
my mom came in clutch with a burrito mom
this is the second time I'm eating fast
food today and it's only like it's only
for you Bosley's blessing your tire
father let's go inside I did okay
it was hard I'm more scared for my math
one tomorrow yeah we got we got Bosley a
new toy and we want to see as we action
oddly you want to get a new toy what's
that that's mine that's mine
you can't run anymore fatso hey hey we
got three fans here you guys can eat say
your name Jake Jon angel you guys could
shout out any of your friends if you
want oh I'm a rug - yeah picture yeah
psych it's a video
nice to meet you guys yeah wait wait
wait before you guys go go
go son okay guys that's gonna conclude
today's vlog a bunch of the same
honestly go to school eat a bunch of
fast food me some fans talk about Fetty
WAP talk about the sons no but really I
gave a speech today and my speech was on
I wish I recorded this it was pretty
funny it was on would you be willing to
pay more for food if you knew that it
wasn't genetically modified so pretty
much if you knew that your food was real
me or you just knew it was healthier and
I said um I said yes you should be
willing to pay more because if you want
to take your girl out on a date and you
want to be fancy then you can pay for
the better food but if your girl's
pissing you off vice versa so you want
to take her out she's pissing you off so
you take her to the place that you're
paying for a shit but uh oh also my
classmate Rebecca I just want to give a
shout out to her sister Caitlin thank
you for watching my videos I'm about to
leave to the gym right now it's leg day
so I need everyone to wish me luck in
the comment section other than that it's
remember wadis and I'm out peace
dad say bye to my blog what happen I
finished before you came home you got
some good comments on my live video
saying you lost weight I don't know
where where they see lost weight
yeah
or cuz the painting the same thing yeah
that takes more than yeah but and then
someone said you had big breasts well
there's my dad the sad Chargers fan I'm
a sad Chargers fan as well but at least
I have the sons to look forward to mom
say bye to the vlog just say bye bye
guys see you next time
