what is going on you guys at the awards
household Bosley how's it going I take
it as oh okay
how's it going y'all oh oh oh oh we got
Brian
we got Papa rug we got Bosley if you're
wondering where my mom is she's on
vacation she won't be back till tomorrow
so mom I hope you're having a good time
but until then we are going to make the
house a mess Bosley's taking mamma rug
spot we are about to play a game of pig
for those who don't know what pig is
it's horse but only three letters why oh
no guys Brian's not only crazy in his
videos but even on the basketball court
well you look like the Jake cool album
cover yeah Brian you ready go oh my gosh
down was good guys my dad does the
weirdest moves in horse oh okay I don't
know what the hell that was about we're
gonna attempt yeah and then you go was
it he did it yeah no he did it in midair
you just missed the steps
okay Brian don't forget to start how my
dad did oh there we go
so no letters for anybody yet yeah we
want competition then oh oh okay yeah
it's not gonna oh no you lucky know that
cows if it balanced if it balances to
you that big that still counts whatever
I'll take the letter like a man no
cheating I got a P not really like I
don't have to go P I'm saying I have the
letter P
Oh Oh Brian you look like a cockroach
okay it's time for air ball hey Santa
isn't it time for you to go it's
December 26th or 7th whatever today is
it's time for you to go bro okay between
the palm trees Brian a little more umph
geez dad dad dad easy easy no hesitation
just get up there huh
okay okay nice dad
you almost hit the dog too what I write
with my left hand sir oh okay dad
there's no way you feels weird
just left-handed layup oh okay that's oh
you have a Pete I have no letter Brian
has nothing he's clean
pp0
oh yeah oh boy just got killed
Chile's got annihilated would it have
been a good thumbnail damn behind the
rover then what are you doing Brian
you're such a good owner for a dog oh oh
this time it's only one stick no jumping
okay but look I'm gonna step on your
Lambo
okay make sure your shoes are extremely
dirty okay yeah they're dead do you have
an obsession with getting on top of cars
dad there's no you can get on top of the
top of the golf cart let's see the
reverse
Kairi okay okay Oh
oh my god okay guys now I gotta come
through clutch I have P I and we're only
playing pig so one more letter and I'm
done I'm out this Bryan's probably best
day of his life
getting me out four times behind your
back five
one two three four five
okay damn that's perfect
I can't believe I wait what do you have
nothing cheese dad what do you have just
pee okay one fine Brian Brian Brian she
really I he get so we do I want to redo
my left-handed layup then yeah
reto where's the competition up your ass
Oh Brian oh uh there's the competition
your first letter okay dad don't miss
okay so pee pee pee I
damnn it that was a far one actually I
don't know how I made it right and easy
oh that's good Hannah pi4 rug Brian
you're choking just has zero letters
okay dad this is for your pee I also if
my dad makes it dad there's no way
there's no way Bosley do you believe
what you just saw papa rock just matched
a tough shock
yeah you picked a good owner pee pee pee
I thought for sure after I made that
shot we were all gonna have pi/4 my dad
made it oh all my Filipinos reporter the
pee I trust the Philippines Billy and
earlier today me and Brian played
basketball if I won I got $100 if Bryan
won then he got the off white shorts and
tell them who won I did so Brian doesn't
get his shorts check and I got a hundred
books
oh that would have done me dirty cuz
I've pee I know okay let me just get my
dad a letter what about me no you'll
probably aim for my dad okay I'm sorry I
don't know what to tell y'all figure I'm
you and make this okay okay okay dad
don't get P I like pie bro
oh okay okay haven't been done before in
this game yet
okay nice form on the floater dad you
like floaters Oh p i-- p IPI Chris Paul
say no glass okay okay so guys it's come
down to this P I P I P i we are all one
letter away from losing okay let's do it
behind the line between the two palm
trees long range Brian no Brian
no way okay okay this picture I'm not
gonna lie
God you might not be able to tell how
far this shot actually is like on camera
okay from here between the two palm
trees Brian look at this view you can't
even see the basket all you see is the
little palm tree yeah guys for example
when we play games this is a three
pointer from here so imagine if this is
already a three-pointer double
three-pointer but don't forget the way
we play Pig it fits your last letter you
actually get to try so if you missed the
first one dad you get another shot from
the brown he didn't even go all the way
up he had to go behind the brown come on
dad don't let Brian go home happy
oh he's launching eight Tom Brady
oh he's launching that okay dad you
get one more try Brian the freaking
color which I don't get how we made it
so dad buy your cheese right now there's
no way Brendan's gonna match this so
yeah just aim for the glass
oh just short again here let me show
them how it's done one more time since I
already won the game if you make it one
more time again I'll give you the
off-white shorts no way if you first try
that's if you go first run you make it
again you're getting the off white
shorts
imagine swish okay if you make this you
get the hall for shorts and everybody
subscribe to Facebook YouTube channel I
mean you got the power just not the aim
well five shorts but still go subscribe
to his YouTube channel and he still beat
me and my dad in a game of pig P I G P I
and I got P I G the scenes of a phase
drug snapchat watching us behind the
scenes we're eating inside him what
you'd have to keep your hand on it wait
tell me why I stopped talking so that it
doesn't hear me in the boomerang there's
no sound anyways okay guys we're just
sitting inside and Brian has like a like
that's so raven what do you call it like
a vision he goes oh my god it's so nice
outside to take a picture stop vlogging
yeah yo guys the Phoenix Suns are up by
five two minutes left
Devin Booker has not played a game in
almost a month he's been out for three
weeks because he was injured and there's
his first game back and he has 32 points
I'm not done it's not just 32 points he
also has six assists and four rebounds
that's crazy though usually one of the
players out for a long time and it's
their first game back they're really
rusty and you know they played bad for
their first game but Booker just came
straight back and just how's that what a
flaw what a flop flop her know that
found out Devin Booker Andrew Harrison
you are a piece of flopper playing the
game the right way book
didn't even touch him anywhere like
based on his face you flopper ball don't
lie exactly you flop you turn the ball
over
you flopper that's not basketball if the
Phoenix Suns lose I feel so bad for
Anthony he came over just to have a good
time and now if they lose you have any
feeling me the worst time of your life
Anthony can you believe this it's
Booker's ok madam it's Booker's first
game back he was out almost a month with
injury so you know like it's his first
game back you might be a little rusty or
whatever yeah yes 32 points to me and
you can't just say p.m. what a ball huh
32 because he has six assists also from
the shooting guard spot tell us Marcus
Chris I say you can enjoy dinner Alex
and dragon bender Devin Booker TJ war
inside the trailer ty Corbin Tom Lee and
there's John Chambers is that the beach
and I did Anthony there's no time for
having dreams about Drake let's get the
sun's to win TJ we need to clutch free
throws okay Anthony that's Mike Conley
Mike Conley Chandler Parsons Dillon
Brooks ok ok ok ok ok ok
oh no damn it Andy it is because you
talked I swear if you want to hear you
woulda made both ok guys so the Suns are
up by 2 with 4 seconds left
commercial yeah they call timeout for
second record 4 seconds in the NBA could
last up to five minutes do not let them
shoot a 3 no oh my god no you got a
bucks out there's oh my gosh if he goes
to overtime we're screwed because Devin
Booker fouled out so we don't have
Booker oh my gosh in point six seconds
left not even one second left
yeah everybody was just looking nobody
boxing that is point six seconds left if
the Sun scored here it's a miracle I
don't have my hopes up right now so it's
probably going overtime
Oh throw up every way dude chill out
Daisy up into the wall it happened right
when he made a coffin grab a looped oh
my god my stomach
wow what just happy that's insane oh my
god oh my god I know Tyson Chandler
dumped it and he won the game but that
was because of dragon bender do you know
how hard it is to make an accurate pass
from the inbounds and Marc Gasol was
guarding dragon bender to saw seven feet
tall
wait oh my god what just happy was that
the crazy slap licking him look at him
bender is getting some tonight that's
not fair I didn't get to enjoy the
moment cuz why would it happen you don't
get a comfort that song I was there
oh yeah oh my gosh how was the recording
good that one time I record I forgot to
ask Matt if those other way around
I've been watching basketball for a
really really really long time and it is
hard to come by a game that ends like
this
that was crazy for the championship like
in ten years
yeah Anthony because they're not good
I'm just crazy that's it guys oh my god
shout-out to Tyson Chandler for
obviously dunking and winning the game
but shout-out to dragon bender for
making that perfect past huh neighbors I
don't care about the neighbors reach
your hands and Devin Booker 32 points
coming off his injury
we appreciate your heater's we
appreciate you debug
