hmm go the score is not so good my dad's
barbecuing again my dad is addicted to
three things in life
he's one addicted to Netflix that's all
he does he Netflix and chills by himself
all day too
he's addicted to barbecue look and three
he's addicted to painting the house that
I said here addicted to three things one
netflix and chill' to painting and three
BBQ for watching the charges well I
don't know if I don't know if the good
thing to be addicted to that
no actually a fourth isn't watching the
charges fourth is you're addicted to
yelling at Phillip Rivers and Mike McCoy
that's what 4th is well if the Chargers
lose 10 not today that's 2 & 4 Denver
sticks I know so on so let's see what is
it today flub me run turtle Ranchero
special season by my dad me and my dad
used to have season tickets to the
Chargers like how long like five or six
years ago and we used he used to bring
this is a parking lot cook it catch
first down now 55 seconds for something
to work with
whoo that's good that's good I don't
know let's see Chargers defense has
already scored has already allowed 17 in
the first half so I'm gonna go back to
that man we met downtown see if he's
gonna hire us because he promised
they're going for it forth and literally
one-inch things done whoo
put on my college textbook that's all I
use my college textbooks for
yes yes what God calm what a gutsy call
1710 going to that my dad literally was
refreshing my brother's YouTube page the
very second was uploaded he's already
watching it he's addicted to watching
himself before I'd rather do that then
drink this
my dad's a camera whore can watch the
whole thing as soon as it was uploaded
just like that two touchdowns 1717
rebus the green Bodley look added legs
plus you before 20 a little over 8
minutes left in the fourth score a
touchdown right here
twenty seven twenty two and a half
minutes does rivers do it this week okay
you heard it from my dad it's gonna be
tied and we're going to overtime rivers
I think that's five hundred yards now
five hundred yards
sixty three pass attempts and he didn't
throw a pig that's crazy
Brian five looks 503 yards and no
interceptions after sixty three throws
that's the most in charges there at
first and goal yeah three yards to tie
the game fourth and goal final play no
more timeouts it's either you score a
touchdown and go to overtime or you miss
and you lose the game again
okay so another week another
disappointing Chargers loss I mean it's
one thing to lose a game but losing it
at the last second is just heartbreaking
um anyways rivers had an amazing game
there's an I'm not covering up the
charges still got the loss but if you're
discrediting Phillip Rivers then that's
just that's just stupid on your part he
do for over five hundred yards he
attempted sixty five passes and he
didn't even throw a pick but you have
the charger season looks like it's
slowly going down the drain with them
starting two and four and Denver at six
I know it's not looking good um I was at
the gym earlier I lifted I got my
workout in but now I'm on my way back to
play basketball I'm just gonna shoot
around Sunday's are really boring I'm
telling you guys Sunday's are my most
hated day of the week I mean there's
it's just nothing to do so going back to
the gym put some shots up what I should
be doing is studying for my midterm I
have a big midterm coming up on Tuesday
and it's worth 50% of our grade
literally so that's what I should be
doing but of course I'm the biggest
procrastinator in the world so I'll be
putting that off till tonight and
tomorrow
what's up you guys Monday watch that's
gonna be Chanel I baby hello
here outside okay I'll open the door
bye um yeah I was gonna say she now
takes a meal about 30 minutes ago she
was like what are you doing she asked me
to go get food and I texted I was like
Chanel how about you just bring some
food here instead and we'll heat it over
here so she actually brought some food
Bosley you don't go by Chanel you wanna
go see Chanel let's go she's here it's
okay
Chanel's here don't cry let's go she's
outside fugly don't cry it's okay let's
go see Chanel okay nice jackets you know
my dad did of course who else look we're
both on the budget so we got
jack-in-the-box
easy no freaking dress on yeah we do we
have Arizona right there mister now
haircut today they know Hey
now get out of my house please no really
how how happy are you for a class no
should know guys you don't understand
it's it's almost a three-hour class call
all of our teachers yeah he's he's
really nice but like no that's wrong
he'll just be like yeah I know but um
yeah no one supports my haircut movement
but it's okay just look how gross they
bribe me to get to $0.99 that's gonna
conclude today's vlog say your final
words I love you guys should I start a
YouTube channel and just logged she know
life is too boring but hey I'm just
joking but okay so yes you know it
brought us some jack-in-the-box before
class man I'm freaking in math we have a
midterm on Wednesday so that's not
tomorrow but the day after and then
tomorrow I the history midterm that's
worth 50% of our grade so like these
next two days are gonna be hectic for
school and I have to study for my
midterm tonight study for my math test
I don't even want to talk about it what
I do want to talk about is that there
are nine more days till the Phoenix Suns
season starts which is crazy imma leave
it at that
also another tough Chargers loss but
that's been the life pretty much the
story of the season we lost two cincy on
the final drive we lost a green B on the
final drive we lost the Steelers on the
final drive so uh I'm pretty used to it
by now oh yeah also to Monday so you
guys know the drill
get my hair cut so you know I'm happy
about that but um I mean that's gonna
conclude today's vlog new ceiling fans
Chargers lose nine more days till the
Phoenix on three season get my hair cut
today and study for these tough tests
and uh I hope you guys enjoy your Monday
it's because Monday's are pretty rough
but robot is peace out
