Saturday morning now mom say hi I'm
about to go eat with Lawrence again I'm
surprised we're still friends like
Lawrence when you watch this just answer
my question how have you not had enough
of me Bosley one
are you lying there's no one there yeah
I'm about to go eat with Lawrence before
he goes back drives back home to
Temecula and then I'm gonna go to the
gym and then I have no other plans for
this Saturday okay so we got two fans
here right now
what's your name Terence Bryan go ahead
and shout oh okay we got rug here too
you guys shout out anyone you want if
you want
and we didn't tell my friends oh yeah I
recognize him - he said I looked all
really uh-huh
there is his Instagram if anybody wants
to follow him I don't know if you can
see it it's Ryan underscore NOx
underscore okay that one is dead being B
underscore eight but who do you like
okay I don't hate a little bun I'm not
like everyone else I don't hate on
LeBron bus you over here at the Asian
supermarket right now shopping right now
we're not shopping we just came here to
you know I don't I don't need nothing
from here we just came here to use the
bathroom just try to think of it about
the good yeah
Lauren sits in the back I've been here
before yes it used to be raus and they
took it down to put this H Mart I don't
I don't like it I'm not with it we just
ate a breakfast burrito probably the
worst how was it
I was not pretty is all right no was it
it was the worst Oh
we'll have something yeah I've never
tasted a word right because we don't my
life
all my god
Lauren said he feels like he's not
stealing so Lawrence has something going
through his head I can't think of the
other options up here either either he
has to go to the gym right now or at the
movies they're gonna do with you yes Oh
Lawrence is trying to decide it's the
toughest decision of his life to know to
go to the gym now or go to the gym later
why don't you
Huntley's I'm gonna go to the gym but I
think you're the one who really needs to
go look at this
Bosley too much beer or what who's been
buying you the alcohol you're not 21
fine I'll leave you alone
holy shitballs not so fast
could you guys believe that when we
bought him he was four pounds four one
two three four four pounds
shit Bosley guess what guys ten more
days until the freakin regular season
opener for the Suns three plus four plus
two equals ten
just joking no doesn't but either way
there's ten more days so that doesn't
matter ten more days Sandra's maths
October 28th who's excited I raise my
hand who is freaking excited I'm so
freakin excited Tyson Chandler Eric
Bledsoe Brendon Knight Jeff hornacek and
someone who's not pictured here that I'm
super excited for TJ Warren can't wait
you guys can't tell I just left the gym
I'm a little sweaty I didn't play any
basketball today I just worked out some
chest and triceps and now I'm headed
home
so I 5 p.m. so it's still pretty early
oh yeah also earlier I got my tire
pressure checked out and my tires were
long pressure so they filled it back up
they did it for free but it turns out I
need to get my brakes checked
I also need new tires within the next
two months and I need to check the
maintance on my car it looks like an oil
change so uh I gotta take care of this
beauty this is not this isn't something
I should trash this is my car I love it
so I gotta get that taken care of I just
got to find time I do love coming to the
gym to work out on weekends though
because it's always dead no one wants to
be here on weekends so if you're looking
to play basketball then it's not good
because no one's gonna be running games
but if you're just coming to workout
it's all empty in it's not you're still
looking for your keys yes they're not
we're Bosley you can't come out without
a leash Bosley did you make someone cry
we'll get on Bryan's hoverboard don't
look at my crusty ass feet ball is live
my gosh suck
one hand on the hoverboard oh fuck
Ray Allen lost keys if you find it
please call you guys can't have my mom's
number because a bunch of you guys are
fucking horny little people
you guys know that awkward talk you have
with your mom about sex and using
protection well look
I think that's what's happening I think
that's what's going on
come home they're like I'm home to
behind-the-scenes footage haha Brian do
you get anything dumped on you damn it's
not focused
oh well good luck dad
better than watching the Chargers game
already okay so I guess the ceiling fans
are all done which was fast I just went
to the gym and came back there's rugs
looks nice now time to see mine
oh shit oh shit okay so we gotta clean
that up but it looks yeah mom it's nice
we just have to paint to orange and
purple are you guys before I conclude
today's vlog I was just about to hop in
the shower and clean all this sweat off
my face I just got back from the gym
super tired but um I just want to give a
few shoutouts first and foremost the
most special shout out to my first
cousin our kin from Houston it was his
birthday yesterday
happy birthday Eric and I love you the
one thing I don't like about him he's a
Houston Rockets fan so that's kind of
life now I'm just joking I love you are
kind of happy birthday
I think he's 14 years old now and a few
more shoutouts the two fans that you
guys saw in this video Terrence and Ryan
super nice um it was nice meeting you
guys shout out to you guys and also
yesterday when I was out eating with
Lauren's this fan his name was aria he
came Hough he was really nice I met him
took a picture with him
shoutout to you if you're watching this
comment I'll say what's up but um
anyways yeah before I conclude today's
vlog I am watching the Chargers game
they don't look good so far but what do
you expect they're in Green Bay in
Lambeau I wasn't expecting the win
all I'm gonna say with the way the
charges have looked this season thank
God NBA season starts next week I'm out
for what is peace
