mama made me some breakfast is there
where there oh she already has it ready
for me right here I'm 20 years old but
low-key I'm like 9 water please Bosley
doesn't get the same yeah I'm getting
ready to go play basketball there's salt
my shoes but I have to eat really quick
let's go play basketball
oh no more no you look for my keys I
don't know where they are
we saw haven't found them you guys
witness what Bosley does for food Bosley
calm the fuck down
if you don't slow down you're gonna
choke this dude puts like 80 pieces of
food in his mouth spits them all out on
the floor because watch watch spits them
out on the floor because you can't
fucking eat all of them at once listen
to him Huntley just eat normal oh my
gosh please tell me you guys could hear
this Bosley this is why you don't have a
girlfriend
buzzer this is why you don't have a
girlfriend life just hit him hard
hi guys so really quick like I said I
don't like bringing my camera to the gym
just it's weird like I go by myself I'm
not gonna be recording by myself at the
gym where I know virtually everybody
there so really quick there's sort of
two sets of crews that play basketball
there's the lunch crew which plays from
11:00 to 1:30 and then there's the night
crew which plays from around 5:30 or
6:00 till close till like 11:00 and
believe it or not over a summer when I
had no school or the sun's season was
over I would literally go almost every
day two times I would go lunch and night
and that was fucking it was crazy uh but
now I got school so I can never play
with the lunch crew 11:00 to 1:30
because obviously I'm at school but
Fridays I don't have schools so I try to
make every Friday which is what today is
and then weekends obviously I got stuff
to do at night so I don't like to play
nighttime on weekends so uh point is I'm
gonna go play lunchtime pass ball right
now I'm not gonna go back at night
because it's a Friday I don't like the
plant and I on Fridays or Saturdays I'd
rather I'm 20 years old I'd rather go do
some stuff okay so it's sort of raining
right now no it is raining not sort of
it's sprinkling but um just finished
playing basketball thankfully I have
this friend I've known since
kindergarten his name is Ollie he plays
a basketball for a JC community college
so imagine came out in pickup games out
of Jamie fucking dominates we won like
six games in a row at least five so uh I
got some good running now I'm about to
go back home I wanted to get him in my
video but I didn't work out he was
hitting game winners and fucking walking
off the court like Steph without even
looking if it went in or not okay so um
cut in case you guys didn't believe me
at how good and my best friend one of my
best friend's all Lee is at basketball
have rug here who's played with him
multiple times how good is all of you
let me just say that I'm surprised he's
not in the NBA right he didn't shoot he
can drive he's like a 64 he could shoe
he could drive and we used to play with
him since we were was yeah well I've
been I've known him since kindergarten
and we've stayed in touch he lives right
down the street I see him all the time
we play basketball together yeah we used
to play basketball like he used to come
over and we used to go to their house
play basketball when we were in like
middle school like things yeah I've
stayed in touch with him for and good
since
yeah I've stayed in touch with him for
literally like 15 years it's crazy I
love you all the way if you're watching
this big diesel his favorite player is
Shaq he loves Shaq I remember when I was
like in sixth or seventh grade I got him
a birthday present of a Shaq action
figure or like a bobble head
that's for you all the Shaquille O'Neal
sons who's he hung up on my wall for you
ollie about to go meet wood Laurence I'm
wearing that jacket I put picked up once
the one with the nicer back than the
front some green slim jeans shoes so
it's pretty gloomy in San Diego today
pretty weird for you know two weeks ago
was like this and then last week it was
around touching a hundred degrees and
now we're back to this
something funny just happened I was like
I was like hello blasting my music and
it was really loud so I kinda wasn't
focused 100% on the road and I came kind
of too far up a stop sign and there were
these three kids and they looked at me
all fucking weird cuz I was like I'm not
gonna say I was about to run them over
but I got kind of close and then one of
them started fucking waving and I rolled
my window down and he said hey Brandon
like he was a fan so I just almost ran
over three of my fans I'm sorry if you
guys are watching this I'm on my way to
meet up with Lawrence right now and this
shit always happens I texted him saying
are you hungry and he said yes and we
never fucking decide where to eat like
we can never think of somewhere good so
we always end up doing the same shit
either Fuddruckers or like just it's
gonna be the same thing watch we're
gonna meet up and then we're gonna take
like a bunch of time trying to think of
where to eat even though we're both
starving
okay here's Lawrence's car works in
there what'd I tell you guys what did
you say Lauren oh where do you want to
go I told you we literally were both
we're both starving like we could die
right now
it can't be Fudd's we had no it can't be
Fuddruckers or Ellen Oh a Hawaiian shit
it has to be something different we just
can't think of why why and you're
matching me Brandon I know look hold on
this happened in high school all the
time we would unexpectedly magically
turn around okay pull the camera let's
see that's almost fully wore it best I
did
Lawrence what are you on right now a
money up trying to figure out what we're
gonna eat and how long have we been here
we've been here for fucking there going
it off for an hour we've been here for
20 minutes it's not flood Rutgers but
you know hard-workers is right there and
I'm Mac I'm actually kind of down for
further I'm a chick filet no I'm not -
quite a fella no sushi hood no no I fuck
Panda I might actually be down for L&L
would you okay so we're fucking we have
to figure out where to eat it's been a
fucking hour ever since Lawrence got off
work
believe it or not believe it or not
fucking flood fucking Rutgers we
literally we were right in front of
Fuddruckers for a good half hour saying
how there's no way we're gonna eat here
again and we're just like fuck it
settled for Fuddruckers again
I hate Anthony
we're picking up Anthony and Brian to go
to the mall can us let me introduce
Anthony are you tweeting I'm recording
for my blog Brian's trying to buy a hat
I'm trying to buy sweater Anthony show
them your con I'm copying green oh my
god
I'm trying the hoodie it's so basic in
here I swear we're going to haunted
hotel no no we're not
yeah we are downtown San Diego it's the
second it's supposedly the second
scariest haunted house in San Diego but
I've literally flogged with my phone
more than my camera why it's better
quality no where'd you park right here
it literally smelled like Brian's ass
bug do we look like oh you're Steve
going sixty dollars for fucking parking
are you fucking kidding me
my brother's vlogging yo what the fuck
though $15 for parking that's crazy
fuck you're downtown huh what I rather
go to Hooters let's just go to mood
you know you know how it is downtown I'm
poor I'm vlogging with my iPhone okay so
we just met some fans hey you guys can
shout out anyone if you want
hey but but but you guys have to say go
signs go so we got we got three more
fans right now I love everybody I'm
terrified Amy when my eyes are like
Brian how scared are you Beckham's she
so my brother just got hella trouble for
repair we fucking record on ha you cats
what are we gonna do kill them are we
gonna kill the home
greater right now so I just gave this
nice man some money and he went and
bought some food but it turns out he's
the Chargers head coach yeah and and and
what happens if they lose in Green Bay
on Sunday the defense inspired
I'm glad you got yeah about it fucking
get high yes make him hit the weight
room
yeah that's he's gonna do let's go
George oh yeah Chargers like I know
san diego's that's all yours that's all
yours thank you no no it's okay it's
okay
thank you keep it some of that money
went towards the Four Loko but it's all
good we support Jake I'm oh he got woman
as long as you're eating it doesn't
matter you got a little something to
drink
oh I'll open up your own
okay come on
yo so the car ordering right now has
been there for like honestly 15 minute
like really and look at the line now
look at that shit it's all the way
around the building all because of one
car
yeah finally and he keeps reaching his
hand out the window saying sorry sorry
bitch sorry won't make me confess what
are they gonna order even if they're
messing up their orders like found it
one minute see hey finally
you know now they're there at the window
where you pay and like the worker just
came out and told them he's like talking
to them look he just came out and told
them something and I gave them back
their card Hey they've been trying to
pay for so long now
boy if you don't ride why am I sitting
in the back he has a fucking turn on the
light pours that card has a bag of
clothes in the front and I'm sitting in
the damn back alright guys so that's
gonna conclude today's vlog and it was a
pretty interesting night downtown I mean
starting with obviously the haunted
hotel getting interviewed by a radio
show running into a bunch of fans me and
my brother and then that homeless guy I
mean we pretty much made his night he we
gave him some money and then he didn't
just wander I guess he wanted some
company so we stayed with him for a
little bit and he actually wanted to
play some football so that's all we did
he told me I was a tight end my brother
was QB I don't know it was it was funny
but yeah we gave him some money he
bought some chicken and actually
thankfully the Ralphs worker gave him
some extra chicken too so that was nice
umm me and Lawrence gotta find something
else to do we're at the mall every
single Friday and I swear it's like I
don't know actually what we need to do
is find a different place to eat cuz
Fuddruckers don't get me wrong it's good
but we eat it too much like I know but
anyways you guys asked for more vlogs
I've been given more vlogs and I've
actually been trying to make them longer
because that's what you guys request so
on hey it works for me it works for you
guys thank you guys for watching and uh
bruh wadis peace out
