so my pups wasn't joking I come back
from school dad what the whole house
okay so you see it here first he's
starting right here with a small
paintbrush just going along the top and
before you know it the whole house is
gonna be out I just said my foot
ouch the whole house is gonna be
different
dad how many days is this process gonna
take couple okay yeah I was saying my
dad was crazy and I didn't believe him
that he was gonna repaint the whole
house but he is crazy Oh dad I never
asked you the Chargers lost the reaction
how was your reaction to podr√≠a yeah no
charges well we got Green Bay in Green
Bay soon so sure
the thing my dad is crazy for painting
the whole house
firstly paint in my room then Brian's
room then his room and now he's painting
the whole house how crazy is he
my mom said not to record her wearing
that shirt
mom are you supporting the sons will sit
sit ok what stand up no stand up don't
spin stand ups longer stand up longer
don't hold on ok stay and I want you
give me five
ok now I want you to spin spin ok sit
that's what he wants freaking
oh and my mom Loki Rhea
she reloaded on snacks pop-tarts Oreos
dish it's the best sour punch straws
cereal for rug
I don't eat cereal not really how far
you already finished oh you almost
finished the second wall
it's too hot turn on the AC yeah so one
wall is done another one is done
another is half done there's like 400
more left
my dad says I messed it up it's not even
that hard
so my dad's on break from his brother
let's go downstairs my dad's on break
from painting and we got some in and out
courtesy of my mom
I got two burgers I got one with
everything and one spread only and
french fries those are rugs french fries
but he's playing cs:go we're waiting for
him to come down nice jacket
rug getting ready to take Bosley on his
walk I don't know where Bosnians Bosley
he's right there Bosley mom he was in
your closet are you hiding me let's go
for a walk huh
Brian's gonna take you for a walk come
here then put your leash on go for a
walk come on go go bye Brian go Bosley
Bosley always makes something harder
than it is
Bosley just go downstairs you don't have
to make this a bigger deal go go go okay
you guys what is up bro wad is here I
don't say I'm branding anymore if you
guys haven't noticed I changed my name
on YouTube I finally found out how to do
it I feel so stupid because it was so
easy it's now bro bodice and I love that
name that's my twitter name Instagram
snapchat so I'm glad I got to change it
also in case you guys didn't notice this
I just woke up if you get up from my
voice or the way I look I just woke up
and I was gonna go play basketball at
the gym it's like 1020 people start
playing around 11 o'clock
so I'll just gonna go put my shoes on
and go also that public Trank you I
haven't forgot I haven't forgot about
the public prank or the Q&A I'm lagging
but midterms are coming up for my
college classes and I'm still trying to
upload everyday but just for like this
two-week period is gonna be kind of hard
because may terms are super stressful
what they are they're they're pretty
much final if I big test
but obviously make terms there in the
middle of the term so we have them now
and then we have finals at the end and I
actually got one coming up on Tuesday
for my humanities class but um I'm still
trying to put out content for you guys I
don't care Phoenix Suns season starts in
12 days 12 days that's less than two
week
Oh also I heard that um Fetty WAP might
not perform at the concert because of
this injury
from that motorcycle crash I literally
like my heart just like it broke like I
don't know what more there is to it my
heart broke it's not a sure thing yet
but I mean he was there's a bunch of
other artists so I mean that's good but
he was the main reason I bought tickets
like Fetty if you're watching this I
don't care come out in a wheelchair come
out on crutches I don't care I don't
judge I just want to see you perform but
I want to show you guys what my guy did
to the loss though see so you guys might
not be able to tell cuz it looks similar
to the color it was before but it's
actually a different coat he also
painted the bottom of this brown like
along along the sides finished here and
here I don't know where he spilt the
paint I think he covered it with the
blank it was right there he got pretty
mad today is Friday so if you guys don't
remember I meet up with Laurence every
Friday or better known as Odell Beckham
jr. if I get one more comment on that
video saying you're a lawyer that's not
obj I saw I'm gonna flip because
obviously never mind do I really need to
explain myself I don't think I do I'm
gonna flip if I see one more comment
saying wow what a lie or blah blah
anyways it's Friday so I think I'm gonna
meet up with no I am gonna meet up with
him after I play basketball rug being
clean I barely have any footage for this
long really yeah wash you off brush your
teeth
let's go play basketball where Denny's
yeah
Jessica's addicted to Denny's
oh you dressed up where are you going
look for my keys yeah so can I tell them
what happened during the video okay put
the camera down
I don't even know if you could see me
but yesterday when me and my mom were
recording the basketball video she was
right there
she put her keys on my car she put her
keys on my car while we were on the on
the trunk while we were recording and
like after we will refer got to take
them in and I left to the gym so
obviously the keys fell somewhere and
they're not in our no or the sack so I
mean you guys tell me what happened to
the keys I don't know we literally took
the whole path that I went to the chair
looking hang I never even went inside
the gym yeah I name is they can't call
me they said and I put some missing keys
on the mailboxes now yeah like someone
either had to have taken them or they
did scary yes on how my mom is depressed
but okay my mom wants to tell you guys
what okay just go just go a lot of you
guys asked where we from and wondered
where we from
we are Middle Eastern from a rock what's
and rock Iran Iraq Iraq whatever it up
on we are called II and Catholics aren't
our native language is Chaldean Cal beer
like this year with abroad then it
causes alpha Brandon but why I used some
air
everybody thinks a Mexican everybody and
the reason why I use somewhere before
because I do speak Arabic and I read and
write Arabic but our native language is
called me and they speak called the in
English they understand some Arabic so
this time boy one wants to know where we
from what is media I still think we're
Mexican so I got a quick little story um
about last night I was at the beach and
like I said I like I didn't bring my
camera because when I'm with Jackie I
don't like to bring it just because like
I don't want to be like all up in it but
so I was out the beach in like well we
saw a bunch of seals and like watching
the seals and let me just tell you that
shit was interesting like just like so
much shit happy and I literally just
wanted to go home and watch like a
million documentaries on seals I'm not
gonna lie went on YouTube and I watched
some videos about seals we saw um they
were fighting sleeping I'm pretty sure
some were getting it in I mean some of
them were humping each other like it was
just like we were literally sitting
there for over 30 minutes just watching
and I'm just like how is this so
interesting and then the funniest part
is that this we were in La Jolla so you
know there's like a bunch of upper-class
woman rich woman so one you could
already tell she was drunk she was
probably in her 50s and before you know
it she even admitted issues I oh sorry
about a couple of glasses of wine
so she's like screaming out the seals
she's like we don't have any fish to
give you we're sorry blah blah and like
I'm just dying laughing and then she she
gets over the like the cook she gets
over the curb
she starts walking down and and her
friend is like no no no her friends like
fifty years old - and she like starts to
stumble and I swear she was gonna eat
shit she was gonna fall flat on her face
but there was a guy there so she kind of
held
to him she started hugging in she's like
oh you saved my life
blah blah and I'm just dying I knew she
was drunk and she like she the seal
starts like screaming at her or whatever
they do they're fucking weird-ass sound
they start doing it at her and she says
hey don't make me come down there and
I'm just like I was dying I was so it
was so funny and her friend is like come
on it's time to go it's getting late and
she's like walking back up and the guy
that saved her they talked for a little
and she came up to me and Jackie and she
was like yeah that guy is 14 plus 14
he's 28 years old and I was just like
dude I was like I was done it was so
funny but I mean who knows seals lifts
such an interesting life now now I hate
sharks for eating the seals but it's
their job what should me and Lawrence do
today we literally go to the mall every
single Friday we need something new to
do go to a party my mom bought a
breathalyzer really what should me and
Lawrence do okay I think I never said
dirty fun I'm asking what should we do
like we already go to the mall two
months we don't buy anything like No
maybe thanks for the advice yeah that's
an owl my hand no my mom literally waits
for me to come home no no it's cuz she
no it's cuz she doesn't trust me she
comes she waits all the way to our home
alright guys before I conclude this vlog
I was about to get in the shower and go
get ready to hang out Lawrence but
freakin gray news on the Lamar Odom
situation I just saw a tweet from ESPN
that said he's actually breathing on his
own and he spoke a few words and like I
made sure the account wasn't fake it's
ESPN Lamar Odom conscience and breathing
on his own which is freaking yeah my
brother just said well Bryan know the
sad thing is even if he does come back
to life like he's not like he's brain
dead and he's not gonna let he's just
not gonna be normal my brother probably
thought he was gonna wake up and come
back to the NBA or something no he's not
gonna come back normal but still that's
way better than death so on that was
know we don't know anything yet we but
all I know is that the latest yesterday
was like that he was pretty much dead
and now we have to die he's bleeding on
his own so that's freaking great but
yeah that's gonna conclude today's vlog
I hope you guys did enjoy bruh wadis
peace
