hey guys um so a lot of my comments on
my videos have been asking me what I was
thinking about the whole Lamar Odom
situation and I'm like I don't want to
tie up all my thoughts on it so I just
I'm gonna make a video for you guys and
said before I start I just want to say
that this whole situation is literally
tragic like I don't care you think I'm a
Lakers fan click I'm I'm not a fan of
any team that more Odom has ever play
for it doesn't matter this dude like you
gotta feel bad for the dude um let me
just start by saying that these are all
obviously reports what we do know is
that he's in the hospital he's in really
really bad shape
um and I mean he has family by his side
and also Kobe Bryant by his side
everything else we hear is sort of
rumors but there's a lot of truth to it
I've heard he's on life support he's in
a coma and I mean his heart kidneys and
liver are pretty much failed he's just
living off that machine
um which at this point is not good I
mean you could you could say that he's
already dead but he's just living living
off the oxygen coming from the machine
let me just say this you Lamar Odom is
in this situation because of drugs
there's no denying that they they said
that they found virtually every single
drug in his system you could point out
his flaws
once this situation is settled today I
got in an argument with this chick who
this chick is saying she said she said
his dad was an addict so you would think
he knows better and she also said I try
to feel bad for the dude but you can't
justify his actions just cuz he lived a
rough life are you are you fucking
kidding me like the guy he's he could be
dead right now the chances of him
surviving are low and even if he does
survive he's not he's gonna be brain
dead and you're over here while everyone
is praying and asking for
praise you're over here saying you're
pretty much saying well I don't feel bad
for him cuz he did drugs are you stupid
I mean there's a time and place for
everything maybe three or four months
down the road when this whole situation
is settled whether he comes out dead or
alive you could give your opinion and
say he shouldn't have done drugs but for
you to say right now I mean I I pretty
much I tried to hold myself back but I
just went off on her there's a time and
place for everything if you wanna point
out Lamar's flaws for doing drugs and
being found in pretty much a whorehouse
in Vegas then do that do that in three
or four months don't do it right now you
gotta be stupid to do that um so yeah
let me just say I'm not justifying drug
use for anybody nobody should be doing
drugs but let me just give you guys a
run of what Lamar Odom had to deal with
so far in his life so ever since he was
a kid his father was a heroin addict and
he left him as a child he left he did
not take care of Lamar anything at the
age of 12 his mom died of cancer so
there he goes at 12 years old without a
mom or a dad he has no relationship with
any of his cousins or his aunts none of
them but his father came back you guys
want to know when his father came back
his father came back after Lamar Odom
made it to the NBA and had a ton of
money that's when his father came back
his son died at six months old because
of this illness called SIDS I forgot
exactly what it stands for but he lost
his son at six months old his
grandfather died just a few years ago
his two best friends died in the past
year his two best friends died in the
past year and obviously I mean it's not
hard to understand that he's battled
real-life depression because of all
these events again I'll say right now
there's no reason to use drugs even if
you did go through all that there's no
reason to be using drugs but I mean you
have to feel bad for the dude you just
heard his life story the fact I even
made it to the NBA the fact that he's a
two-time NBA champion the fact that he's
a six man of the Year Award winner going
through all that adversity is crazy
and if you guys follow me on Twitter or
Instagram I've been like this situation
has hit me hard I don't I don't like the
thing about I don't like to talk about I
feel bad I've cried over it I know I
don't care to admit it I have cried over
it and my prayers are up for alomar it's
just like it said the dude a couple
years ago was I remember Game one or
Game two of the Western Conference
Finals he put up 19 points and 19
rebounds against the Suns off the bench
and now the guy is like in a coma on
life support um it's sad seeing how fast
he's falling he was up so high playing
for NBA championship team and now where
he's at right now I mean those are
pretty much my thoughts just a quick run
through it's very sad and on some people
because people know I hate the Lakers
and they come up to me saying oh why are
you sad over the whole Lamar Odom
situation I thought you hated the Lakers
again are you stupid like it's common
sense this is like like I'm not even
gonna answer that question I'm like I
feel really bad and I hope he makes it I
don't care what kind of condition he
comes out even if he comes out
brain-dead I hope he does make it
because 35 years old
it's too soon to leave this world um I
mean for the people who are you know um
oh he shouldn't have done that many
drugs okay that's your opinion
just please don't bring it up right now
because it's just stupid and I hope you
guys agree with me um all in all this is
a sad situation and I do hope he pulls
through it sucks it sucks you guys
wanted my thoughts these are my thoughts
and I mean I hope he pulls through he
needs a ton of support a bunch of people
are visiting him in the hospital and
that's it
