what's going on you guys I'm here today
with my mom you guys know we're mostly
as mama rug but today she's mom with her
wadis and if you guys are wondering why
I don't look fresh like I always do
why still look fresh but just not as
much as usual that's because we're going
to be doing a basketball video outside
and let me make myself clear my
basketball video we're going to be doing
a three-point contest we're each going
to get three shots from five areas on
the court and then whoever makes the
most obviously wins but there's a catch
my mom is gonna be shooting join me
won't you give me no no Michael you're
going to be shooting out what you want
you're going to be shooting a basketball
whereas me I have to shoot with one hand
just to make it a little more even and
the loser is not gonna have to do a
steak this time just because I feel bad
for my mom like I'm obviously in the way
so I don't want him to do it okay I
wanna have them to the gym no I'm going
to the gym either back right away and
Wrangler you guys okay if she wins I
won't go to the gym well but you guys
have seen this video on my brother's
channel when he played my mom in the
three-point contest but I think he was
scared to lose because he was shooting
regularly I'm gonna add a catch to I'm
shooting with one hand and I still
believe I'm going to beat my mom so I'm
gonna do this you like this one over and
over I have won five dots 1 2 3 4 5
we're going to be shooting three from
each dot so 15 shots total
you
the
you
Mazal go pick it up
go get a glove in a bag and pick it up
you
here it's 2-2 and I still have a bunch
of shots left
I'll go left-handed oh my god okay that
comes
I'm in a do or die situation since we
had my mom tied my shooting I'm be
shooting it from really far away if I
make it I win if I miss it I lose oh
okay
I got the luckiest balance ever since
Blake Griffin's bounced against the Sun
last season mom now you know how I felt
as a Suns fan last year I do know at
least with that again thank you I didn't
think I would say again with my Brandon
with your star player really good
seriously okay
no it's called it's called shooting with
one hand left handed well man so we know
at we actually tied and then my
do-or-die shot got a lucky bounce so I
ended up playing I ended up winning
