behind-the-scenes getting ready for the
real life would you rather I was on my
way to the gym or I was about to go to
the gym and rug decided we were going to
do a real life would you rather with my
whole family so we're going to do this
real quick then I'm gonna go to the gym
you're gonna get the bad ones I know I
don't know why I dressed oh wait someone
might come Bosley you want to play would
you rather and then after this we're
going to we threw a bonfire for Anthony
that was for the kids and then today
we're going to the park a bunch of
families for his birthday my dad's going
more crazy here see here he's testing
which color to paint the house he was
just trying out some different shades so
I guess he's being serious about
painting the whole entire house and he
also wants to take carpet out and put
tile my dad is literally Bob the Builder
Bosley everyone was saying how smart you
were mom everyone was saying how smart
Bosley was in the video because of what
he did did you watch my last video
I won with Laurel - no not that one so
it's you only a brother so if you guys
can't tell my dad got peanut butter on
the face and would you rather Bosley's
going crazy for his face he already
licked it let me see the other side Oh
oh my God look I look at his eyes no
that's enough that see that real life
would you rather was not good I got
lucky I only had to put two ice cubes in
my mouth for a minute which was pretty
bad and then I drew a blank
so it was good so we just finished doing
that real life would you rather I got
pretty lucky honestly the rest of my my
mom dad and my brother got the worst of
it but um now I have to go to the gym
really quick because my cousin Anthony
like I said it's that little birthday
thing at the park with a bunch of family
think that's at like 1:30 or 2:00 and
it's already 1 o'clock so I'm already be
late to that but gotta get that workout
in so we're gonna go do that right now
back Wow
going down so when last I saw it was
twenty four to seven right and now the
bangles are coming back trying to stay
undefeated
there's no charger game today
they got Monday night tomorrow with the
Steelers I'm just lazy yeah yeah I
haven't si due on Tuesday I haven't even
started and I'm not gonna start today
I'll probably start tomorrow Bosley I
know but I always get it done right
holiday no you wouldn't I just turned
around and came all the way back home
because I was halfway to the gym and I
forgot my workout gloves and I also
forgot my branch chain amino acids drink
so I was like you know what I was gonna
be rushed anyways I forgot a couple of
things so imma just so I just came back
home and I'm gonna go to the gym after
this birthday party so I don't know yeah
I did come back home and I got to see
the end of a few games I saw the end of
the Bengals game freaking one I saw the
end of the Falcons game pick six to win
it so they both stayed undefeated but
they both got lucky too I also saw the
Browns go into Baltimore and win
baltimore looks like a mess this season
but yeah oh the Chiefs lost at home to
the Bears which is pretty tragic but I'm
not complaining because they play in the
same division as the Chargers so it's
all good let's go see Anthony and
whoever else is they I don't even know
yet
Stephanie just got back from homecoming
last night what time did you get back
past curfew sup Emily you don't want to
be my video okay step if you dance on
people are with people
hey it's honestly it's over a hundred
degrees and I brought my basketball
that's a ball into play but I'm gonna
have a heat stroke if I try to play
Anthony
somewhere there happy birthday Oh
shout out shout out Julian Julian J here
in my blog leafy where say hi you're
already gonna be the same eyes'll say hi
y-you saw me what are we about to do
play some football
are those random people yeah I think
shot okay I guess we're about to play
some football I want all right we'll
play some tackle with um yeah we're this
isn't middle school we're not going to
go two-hand touch
nor high olan art is that a boy or a
girl I was more excited to see if anyone
wait I'm going to see fed you up again
in three weeks in LA do you like Fetty
WAP where now
really yeah I love that you up I already
bought the tickets it's like three hours
away we update you guys so me and rug on
the same team
we're up to one two touchdown someone I
threw both touchdowns and rug was a
recipient to both it's like rivers to
Keenan Allen but it's too hot too hot
for this yeah we're still playing I want
to play basketball after I brought the
basketball they want to keep playing
football but now okay so doesn't kill me
what's the score give us an update 14
seven neatly you mean the other way
around
Sam no you liar oh it's 14-7 us
brian has caught both touchdowns thrown
by me why that's my video public wrath
okay hold up and you can say something
first this is base um okay so they
recognize me and my brother over here
you can shout out shout out any of your
friends or anyone if you want child name
are you lying or no I have a guy like
know his name Chow mitt okay um I forgot
mine well he shot it out himself in okay
one of my friends his name is John Cena
John Cena I don't want to shout out for
shut up shut up for Arlen J yeah Johnson
oh yeah can some more rugged I'm Sudha
okay oh I went to eigen home yeah but
wait before I end this I want everyone
to say go sons
alright ready set go
hey good we just got some new sons fans
yeah go Lakers
okay okay I'll leave that part in just
so people know what I deal with my whole
family's Laker fans sadly not really I'm
a Clippers even worse well no I don't
know if it's worse but still Clippers
fan that's okay that they have to the
one thing we have we're all charger fans
loud and proud loud and proud Melvin
Gordon's gonna save us Ryan's cake
Anthony did you just put
my favorite subscriber Danny what should
I call my subscribers Brandis maybe
that's her brother Ronnie he doesn't
watch my videos
screw you Ronnie good it's really hot
right now shoo sub dolphin follow them
go Lakers
I know ice-cold water sure that's all my
fans know you as three come on
we needed fatty walk to sing there that
was trash she will eat everyone and rug
it's over just cut the cake it was trash
but just an announcement
I said you on the other side Ryan J jr.
as you wish Fetty WAP was here to sing
happy birthday friend to me
do you like fed you up yeah sure good
hey why don't you sing happy birthday
yeah it doesn't matter I slice
you got happy birdday we must run
mustache got it pretty good all right
you guys before I conclude this vlog I
just have a few announcements um just
give me these couple minutes I want to
give you guys a list of what I'm excited
for in these coming weeks because I have
a lot to be excited for i'ma go in order
of what's coming up first so first the
first event is actually in a few hours
at 2 p.m. I'm getting my hair cut so
that's the first thing I'm excited for
um I woke up with a smile on my face
because today's the day I get a haircut
so on 2nd 16 more days I mean 16
freaking days a little bit over two
weeks you guys already know what's
coming up I have it on my countdown
board right there um Phoenix Suns
regular season starts October 28th like
people always ask me how excited are you
and I can't give them an answer because
words like whoever created the English
language did not create enough words to
to like just show how excited I am I
mean I can't even answer that question
I'm so excited
I can't wait like I'm freaking no one
even understands that's all I'm gonna
say sixteen more days a little bit after
that on November 2nd which is actually 3
weeks from today Phoenix Suns LA
Clippers people ask what's so important
about that game I'm actually gonna be
there live me and rug we're gonna go to
LA watch that game
um so I'm stoked for that obviously I'm
sitting a couple rows behind the Phoenix
Suns bench so grave you on ok and this
last thing that I'm excited for me and
my brother some cousins and some friends
we bought tickets
to this concert on November 8th down in
LA uh who whose concert you might ask
freaking Fetty WAP um you guys know I
love Fetty WAP and after I went to or
after I went to a concert that he was
featured in last month I promised
everyone I was like if he ever comes out
to San Diego again then I'm getting
tickets I don't care and although he's
not coming to San Diego it's gonna be in
LA it's actually gonna be in Inglewood
so if we don't make it out alive just
know that we were seen last at the
concert in the what is pretty ratchet
but no um it's actually not even Fetty
WAPs concert listen to this Fetty WAP
future
Kendrick Lamar toggle sign Rae sremmurd
among others it's actually a pretty huge
event so we're all stoked I'm mostly
excited for Fetty WAP but I'm a huge fan
of future as well uh I can't wait for
that so I mean in order I got a haircut
appointment today which I'm stoked for
you got the Phoenix Suns season in two
weeks
Phoenix Suns game in three weeks and
then in about four weeks it's in less
than a month that concert going down to
LA with some friends and family to see
that so uh I got a lot of things to look
forward to and I'm pretty happy also
someone else I'm looking forward to
tonight the Chargers and Steelers game
Monday Night Football
I predict the Chargers win I mean at
home primetime game the Steelers missing
Big Ben but lady on Bell's gonna run all
over the Chargers I mean I guarantee
that the Chargers rush defense is not
the strongest in the league and lay
beyond bells are pretty you know pretty
good running back I I think he's gonna
have a huge game but I still think the
Chargers come out victorious uh I mean
before I go if you guys want to stay in
touch with me in the description below
you got my snapchat Twitter Instagram if
you guys do want to stay in touch I try
my best to keep in touch with all my
fans so uh follow me on those add me on
those other than that I hope you guys
have a great day Brandon out thank you
guys for watching
