what's going on you guys Brandon Awad is
here and today I'm bringing you my
Western Conference predictions for seeds
four through six and um before I give
you my to forgive me my predictions I
just want to say that this has nothing
to do with how my favorite teams for
example just cuz I'm a Suns fan does not
mean I'll put them higher than what I
actually think cuz if that was the case
I would have put them up at number one
and I hate the Clippers but I put them
up at number one so this has nothing to
with favoritism don't comment oh you
hate my team blah blah blah no just
watch the video it's okay to agree to
disagree if you guys agree go ahead if
you guys disagree go ahead it doesn't
matter
these are pre-season predictions that
mean absolutely nothing but they're fun
to do so i'mma keep doing them my fourth
seed out west for this upcoming season
which might be the biggest surprise out
of all my videos in this series the
Golden State Warriors many people
thought that I forgot about them when I
was naming my top three seeds I
absolutely did not forget about to go
and say warriors um I'm gonna say a few
things that might upset warrior fans but
right here in my head I believe it's the
truth
I have the Warriors finishing fourth due
to the fact that last season they wrote
off so much chemistry and it was great
to watch I mean they were honestly one
of the best teams in NBA history last
season um they wrote off having a
first-year head coach which is obviously
no longer their first year head coach
they wrote off just playing with so much
energy and fun off of each other
that um kind of just lasted the whole
year and it's hard to repeat that trust
me two years ago the Suns 148 games off
of pure chemistry um and then last
season we all know what happened and I'm
not comparing the two situations because
they are way different but honestly I
see the Warriors that's kind of taking a
step down do I believe they're still one
of the best teams in the NBA yes do I
believe they still have a chance to win
an NBA championship yes do I believe
it'll happen
no but gonna say where is coming on
number four on I mean the good thing the
top four or five seeds in the West
honestly are going to be separated by
two maybe three games so
when I say the Clippers not one and the
Warriors at four it's not that big of a
difference the Clippers could end up
having sixty to win with the Warriors
having sixty I don't believe they'll
reach 60 wins though that is my
prediction and I'm going bold right here
I mean I'm predicting the Warriors to
not win 60 games to finish fourth I'm
gonna get a lot of hate in the comments
but these are my predictions and just
remember this video just in case some of
these come true my fifth seed the
Houston Rockets the Houston Rockets um
they improved I mean they lost Josh
Smith but did I they got Ty Lawson for
who for absolutely nothing they got him
for Papanicolaou and then the Nuggets
waived him essentially the Houston
Rockets acquired a borderline all-star
point guard for nothing um the fit next
to James Harden has a few questions
obviously but that's not the point I
mean you got Dwight Howard you got James
Harden you got Trevor Ariza you got
Terrence Jones I'm not sure they're
gonna start T Jones or motor units I
think they should go with T Jones but
either way you got two solid power
forwards and then now you have a dual of
Ty Lawson and Pat Beverley at the point
guard position on whether they decide to
start Pat Beverley which I doubt he does
fit better next to harden but I think
Lawson's gonna get the star and um daryl
morey I mean he's always freaking ready
like are you kidding me
Ty Lawson for Kostas Papanikolaou
I mean I'm sure some teams are kicking
themselves in the head that they didn't
try to get Ty Lawson earlier but um yeah
like I said a lot of people are
commenting the Houston Rockets should be
top three guys number one to five in the
West are gonna be separated by this much
they're all gonna be even um like that's
why I was so hard to predict because I'm
giving the Clippers like 62 63 wins and
then I'm giving a Houston like 57 58 and
they're like five seeds apart but only
like three or four games apart so on
number four golden say number five
Houston if that does come true that
first-round matchup would be freaking
crazy like
that first time matcha would be crazy my
six seed coming in with one more
surprise the New Orleans pelicans um
people I mean some people are predicting
them to fall out of the playoffs are you
kidding me okay let me say one thing
they should have done a way better job
putting together a better supporting
cast around Anthony Davis because you
have a player like that and you support
him with you know players like Tyreke
Evans drew holiday oh mercy who are not
bad players but for a player who has an
ability to put your team on his back and
take you as far as he could
you should put together if I was them
when Goran druggin ship the trade block
last season I would have went all-in to
try to acquire a corn draw each on I
think they should have done a better job
getting a big next Anthony Davis
nonetheless let me tell you why I think
there are six seed first of all you have
Anthony Davis who is not gonna miss the
playoffs he is single-handedly
especially I read that he added a three
point shot so on that's just scary it is
it's flat-out scary um they knew they
need Drew holiday back healthy but this
is the main reason they got Alvin Gentry
as their head coach and like he just won
a championship next to Steve Kerr do you
know how much respect he's gonna have in
that locker room I mean you got some
some coaches who go in thinking they're
just gonna be there as interim coaches
know you got Alvin Gentry going into
that locker room after just winning a
championship with Golden State being a
head coach in this league previously for
the Phoenix Suns he has experience and
for the LA Clippers um he's gonna demand
so much respect I think firing their
previous coach was a mistake until I had
thought it was a mistake until they
hired Alvin Gentry I love that higher
he's an offensive head coach Anthony
Davis doesn't need to be coached on
defense are you kidding me his defensive
tools are through the roof his offense
if that improves
I'm sorry New Orleans I've I picked up
finishing at six some people have them
missing the playoffs there's no way um
so yeah I mean there's my four five six
golden say Houston and New Orleans I'm
gonna
a lot of hay for gold and say I might
get a little bit of hay for Houston just
know one thing I don't care because like
I said the top five seeds barely gonna
be separated by a few games so I mean
just cuz I have the Clippers at one
Thunder at two doesn't necessarily mean
they're that much better than the
Warriors or rockets but oh one last
thing the Suns are - I know in
pre-season so that obviously means
they're gonna win the championship cuz
99% of teams that start to a no
preseason win the championship um now
I'm just joking but Alex Len put up 21
points and six boards off the bench last
night and I never try to make too much
out of preseason stats because anyone
can put upsets in preseason but if you
actually watch the game man Alex that
looked solid him and Chandler are gonna
share minutes and it's gonna be a
beautiful thing to watch other Suns fan
um
nonetheless thank you guys for watching
sorry about the delayed video I was
supposed to upload this yesterday but I
just got it done right now four or five
six golden say Houston New Orleans tune
in tomorrow for my Eastern Conference
four five six and thank you guys for
watching
