marry mayor Merry Christmas everybody
no better way to start off Christmas
morning then with some basketball at
least not at the bharatas household am i
right oh oh Simmons about to throw this
down Ben Simmons your Rookie of the Year
you know I see all these snapshots of
people opening games and eating
Christmas cookies and watching all these
Christmas movies and I'm sitting here
like y'all the best part of Christmas is
the NBA basketball games all I want for
Christmas is good basketball games you
need an engine oh wait I don't think
that's how that song and but still that
is all I want for Oh mr. free dope now
I'm just joking guys you already know
that I don't know how to wear a hood you
already know the main part of Christmas
is family you always got to see your
family on Christmas uh-oh we got the
game of the day
Cavs warriors in this game should be
good Junior swish never mind
Junior Smith's uh I get it Junior
Smith's
get it cause he missed the shot you know
we got the two best basketball players
in the world right now LeBron James and
Kevin Durant it does not get much bigger
than this
okay I think I really tricked myself
into believing that Christmas is all
about basketball and it's not Christmas
is about family and seeing the people
you love would that being said it's time
to go see some family
Fay's yachty so I come to my cousin's
house to say Merry Christmas and the
first car I see is the rug Rover so I
get to see Bryan to break speak and said
prick guys I haven't been able to see
you or this whole time because I've been
really sick and I didn't want to get her
sick but now Brian where's my gift
I'm ready listen it's not you again it's
not here you know okay I ordered a gift
online it said it was going to come
before Christmas but it's going to come
tomorrow morning day after much buying
you're back oh what's behind your back
talk about it later no I mean it's cool
it's not that I care that my yeah no way
don't look yeah much so it's like Emma
Frisch if you look you don't get it no
way dude okay I'm no way is it what's in
my hand you have to read what this is
called
and then you pucker up turn around what
is this called
kiss each other wait that's my gift
yeah it's finally news
okay guys so I don't believe you Anthony
because obviously the ghost lives at
bride's house and I think that the end
goes in his house to go play no you have
to say okay google or hey Google I would
say hey okay no you have to say
either/or ok Google ok Google now say
play Drake sweeter man please all right
sweet um and remix explicit by drink now
say pod nah pause pause can you not play
the one with bad words cuz there's a kid
in here he's in the shower right now but
this is loud ok Google put the volume up
come on hey Google put the volume up
Google it's at the highest volume okay
that's fine playing no bad words say in
a fucking sentence funny I know there's
no something oh my god there's a TV
right there so can you please play a
hold son's game no it doesn't work on
this Machamer mine next time ok Google
okay uh Brian jokes over
no I'll listen I'm sorry it's not here
it's not here I know but the jokes over
Brian come on we're gonna go where's the
gift where's the gift yeah I mean like
it's not that I care that you didn't get
me a Christmas gift like it's not that
big of a deal it's just that like it's
not that serious it's not about a big
deal or anything I mean it's not like
you're my brother or anything it's not
like we came from the same mom you know
we share the same dad you know we're
friends but you know Brian it's not like
it matters
Anthony I walk into Anthony's room the
first person I see is Dwight Schrute
like who invented this dog yeah leave
him on the leash you leave him on the
leash hey Cuervo all equal Anthony no
Anthony Anthony Anthony no because I
showed fear and if you show fear it's
worse know like I just want to know who
invented this dog like what is he eating
this time what animal is eating this
time no he eats humans okay guys so I
guess we're home hopping now we're going
to my other cousin's house and a lot of
my cousins and my family members were
like you know they were trying to shop
for me and get me a gift and you know
they're like old abandoned you got a
stairs so we want to get your gifts and
I'm just like no I I told all my family
members I just told everybody I said yo
I don't need a gift trust me I just told
them I said I don't want you guys to
spend money on me like I feel bad I just
feel like anything that I would need or
anything that I would want in my life I
already have it from the people that I'm
surrounded with to the things that I'm
blessed to wake up to every single day
and I feel bad making my family spend
money on me when I wake up to every
single day in my life right now is
enough trust me it's it's more than
enough Oh
Oh Brian this is a good parking spot oh
I don't think I've blocked the enough of
jesuits our half of it could still get
out she just has to slice this half off
but at least I blocked Amanda's car off
let's say Merry Christmas to Jay where
you at you're supposed to pop out when I
say it okay fine let's say Merry
Christmas
to Jay
Jr oh my gosh jr. I'm downstairs
okay nice Yeezys to buddy still can't
beat me in basketball hey again Merry
Christmas
Noor who's your brother jr. the real
life of the parties here let's go
Jessica did I get you sick okay Brian
where did the lines start to get our
gear it flare drink no no no but really
Anthony cuz your house isn't that far I
think we just have to raise our voice
hey Google ok Google oh wait we have to
say water hi hey Google Google Google
Play Ric Flair oh my god Wow she walks
in the shell you hold up like this 300
300 Brian straining us for a thumbnail
look Brian the director where do you
want me to stand rugrat um you just act
pretty Oh like around here
okay oh we moved act like you're happy
guys we're scared of Brian because when
we when we mess up on a thumbnail
when we mess up on a thumbnail he whips
us okay he takes all the presents back
no but really he takes us in that room
and he's okay so Brian had me hold this
for a thumbnail so that means it's
automatically mine right geez yeah they
just act like you didn't see me go on
your phone again it was me
Junior what game is this fortnight back
in my day we used to play call of duty
okay well anyways guys juniors playing
his game so I can't watch the Warriors
and Cavs game but rockins coming to the
rescue you said you're gonna put on the
ps4 yeah okay please just make sure the
cat doesn't come near guys I'm not a cat
person and they have a cat somewhere in
this house I kind of whew somehow get
the game on here I love you forever
okay guys 31 seconds left the Cavs are
down by three and it's Cavs ball who's
hitting the shot Jared Smith jr. jr.
swish oh okay sure you can get out I
think you can find a way to fit can't
you just turn a little this way there's
an exit yeah exactly just I a who cares
yo guys so I came back home after seeing
all my family members mom it sucks I
didn't get to see you today because you
went on vacation with your sisters but I
love you
Merry Christmas I talked to her on the
phone dad you're at work such a hard
Brooke and my dad did not need to go to
work today and he's still showing up at
work just to make sure everything was
going smoothly so dad merry Christmas to
you too so earlier today I was scrolling
through this Phoenix Suns website that I
always read and I came across something
extremely cool and when I came across it
it instantly hit my mind that
this is something I wanted to do bright
side of the Sun has teamed up with the
NBA or teamed up with the Phoenix Sun
and they've opened up something where
you could donate money and you can send
underprivileged kids to a Phoenix Suns
game and when I saw this I instantly
wanted to know more about it so I
contacted the dude who runs the bright
side of the Sun account I pretty much
was like no I want to donate but you
know I want to know where these tickets
are going what kids are getting these
tickets and he said that it's the Boys
and Girls Clubs of Arizona children that
have been abused or groups that take
care of abused children and
underprivileged school classes when I
saw that it instantly hit me like these
kids have most likely never been to an
NBA game and how cool would it be to buy
a bunch of tickets and know in my heart
that these are going to underprivileged
kids who probably can't afford these
tickets going to kids that have been
abused when they were younger or even
going to adults who take care of abused
children so we kept talking and I
decided I am going to purchase 100
tickets and I will be sending 100
underprivileged kids or kids in need to
a Phoenix Suns verse Indiana Pacers game
and this feels so good especially on
Christmas Day like I remember my very
first NBA game it was one of the best
days of my life it's like my first time
ever walking into an NBA game after
watching all the games on TV it look
like a video game it looked like a dream
it didn't look real so knowing that I'm
gonna send 100 kids to a game and 100
kids are probably gonna get the same
feeling that I got when I first went to
an NBA game it just it feels great and I
want to send 100 kids over this so and
on top of that it's not only a hundred
because and since I'm donating a hundred
tickets the Phoenix Suns are giving me
eight tickets for myself thank you so
much son I appreciate it
but I'm not gonna be attending this game
so those eight tickets that I'm getting
from the Phoenix Suns will also be
donated to underprivileged kids so a
hundred and eight tickets given away to
underprivileged kids kids that have been
abused groups that take care of abused
children's Boys and Girls Club and just
kids in need kids who probably can't
afford to go to basketball games in this
feels good so it's just crazy to me that
I'm in a position where I can help
people like this it's I'm so blessed I
always sit down and think about it and
I'm so so blessed and it's things like
this that actually
realize that you know a couple years ago
there's no way that I'll be able to send
100 kids over to a Phoenix Suns game
there a couple years ago I don't even
know if I'll be able to buy tickets for
myself to go to a basketball game and
now I'm sending over a hundred kids
it's just crazy like like I'm so blessed
and uh yeah I can't I can't wait till my
mom sees this cuz mom I know you would
be proud of me you know when my mom's
proud of me that always makes me happy
so a huge shout out to bright side of
the Sun for even giving me an
opportunity to do this so to all you
hundred and eight people that are gonna
be attending this game I hope you
enjoyed your time at the game and I hope
you feel everything that I thought my
first NBA game it was crazy
it felt like I was in a dream I hope if
there's any way that I could maybe speak
to some of the kids or maybe when they
go to the game if I could get a little
video of all the kids and just see the
smile on their faces that would be crazy
it would be great
other than that guys Brandon here aka
paratus I love each and every single one
of you guys I hope all of you enjoy your
Christmas had a great time with the
family with friends and enjoyed opening
your gifts drop a like on this video if
you enjoyed subscribe to the channel if
you are new I think I'm gonna FaceTime
my mom because I didn't get to see her
this Christmas so we'll see what's up
with that but yeah guys thank you so
much for watching this video I love you
guys all peace
