okay so we got that good stuff right
here dude are you kidding me one look at
this I bought a chick-fil-a sandwich and
chicken strips one sauce damn
chick-fil-a forgot you made one dollar a
day as a business as a whole to where
you could only have a customer one sauce
thanks a lot now I got to limit my
dipping look as soon as I open the box
and the smell traveled look why here
outside my door I knew it no Bosley no I
freaking knew it he was all the way over
there as soon as I opened that I hear
his little breathing outside my door
okay so this pig keeps staring at me
because of obviously what I have in my
room so I'm gonna give Bosley a chance
if you can lead me to get what he wants
then I'll give him a piece Bosley what
do you want go show me what you want
let's go come on you better show me what
you want let's go what where is it what
no you you take me you take me where
where I'm following you don't worry
where is it
I'm following you where is it Bosley
what what do you want show me
what do you want Bosley what do you want
oh you want that give me five
sit sit wait let me get you a good piece
why is there freaking blow-dryer in my
room don't eat it on one body you're
gonna die
guess who's hittin a meal today rug
counting down how many more 1069 1069
more subscribers by the time this video
is uploaded this kids right here gonna
have a mil where you gonna put the
plaque when it comes in either over
there so it could be in the background
of my videos oh there's a space just
beggin for a million subscribers I was
gonna do just over like that but then no
I'll leave 101 over there and then the
mill over there or over there yeah sorry
countdown I didn't even know they have
this real-time subscriber count what's
up you guys so super busy Friday today
um I went to the gym early to get my
workout out the way because I know it's
really busy first and foremost my
brother hitting a million a million
subscribers today so that's gonna be
crazy to countdown right now I think
it's at nine million freaking I mean I
don't know the countdown is out like
nine hundred ninety nine thousand
something so he's watching his screen
he's excited I'm excited um it feels
like it's my birthday or something even
though has nothing to do with me so
congrats to my brother also I'm about to
go meet up with Lawrence we're gonna go
to the mall it seems like this is like a
Friday routine for me and him to go to
the mall week 90% of the time we don't
even buy anything from there but we get
bored and then later tonight we're like
throwing this bonfire for my cousin
Anthony for his birthday so on we're
going to teach this little dude
turn up I don't know if he's ready but
we'll see it let's go see where rug is
at right now
Wow Ramar rug 1 mil how much closer oh
my god
238 more my brother is probably shitting
himself right now
Oh rug rat - a little over 200 more I
get the celebration on tape Bosley give
zero fucks about rug hitting one mill
Bosley be happy he literally looks like
a loaf of bread on the floor
oh my god we did it we got a million
not allowed inches because he's
recording this video
I hit a million subscribers in a race
cry Birds Congrats on everyone's day I'm
over a million a million freaking
subscribers Congrats
thank you this is crazy no it's crazy
I see all the shit on this chair
screenshots business okay dude I don't
know how to record it in a mirror I'm
just gonna try well how do you okay look
at me from here never mind
yeah look at me from there now this is
too awkward hold on Oh maybe like this
yeah whatever we'll do this so my
brother just hit a million subscribers
Congrats to him dude this is a really
awkward angle I'm gonna go put this shit
back in my room so a million subscribers
hey it by my brother um I'll be next in
about like six hundred years I'll be six
hundred and twenty years old so
hopefully I'll still be alive with the
new technology these days I don't know
but um congrats to him I'm about to go
meet up with Lawrence right now it's so
hot outside today Friday and tomorrow
Saturday there was something about the
Santa Ana winds in SoCal so like it's
freaking burning I wouldn't be surprised
if it 200 outside and not just a hundred
but it's like super hot Wayne so like I
don't know it's not the right day to go
to the mall but like I said it's kind of
like a routine for me and Lawrence so
let it go what did I tell you guys 101
so me and Lawrence on our way to get
food and I see this idiot riding his
skateboard on his way home after school
so I told me again the car I picked a
magnet damn Jackie look at this it's a
hundred degrees this idiot is walking
home wearing a jacket and jeans a hoodie
well so um now he's coming to eat with
us
who's bonfires tonight mine
his I either cookie before the meal Mike
okay guys I'm putting it down
Kidder um Lawrence doesn't understand
copyright rules but uh no I love music
we just finished eating we dropped
Anthony off home so he can get ready for
the bonfire and I me and Lawrence are
deciding what to do because we're bored
but we might go to the moon
are we or no no we're not gonna win we
go there too much every fucking Friday
every front I know I mentioned earlier
cuz ya know I guess guys are we allowed
to Custer no no no I don't think it's
good okay
well oh we can go to the Mission Valley
no with you guys
I don't know what you can say that's not
real it can't be real over 100 degrees
and he wants to go to an outdoor mall I
don't think it's real
oh no I'll keep you guys updated on what
we do though are you doing after high
school cuz library yes one male one
fucking room like that I said thank you
guys gonna be coming you draw I'm
putting up baseball I just came back
home pick up my brother now we're gonna
go to I don't even know which beads
you're going to go to the beach and I'm
not even sure was there but yeah I
pretty much just can't pick up my
brother and it's time to go to the beach
okay damn they can't see us hopefully
you guys can see right here we're on our
way to the beach Lawrence wants to go
jet ski I say fuck that I'm not going to
ski are you guys I'm going no you're not
none of us are going water it's a beach
drug and oh no they're right there in
front of us fall
and we're waiting we're also waiting on
Jess you guys know Jessica see how this
turns out
we just got here Belmont Park go
these people were bumping Fetty out
their car made me so happy I think
they're still doing it I got to go make
friends right now see we just got here
Belmont Park go these people were
bumping Teddy out their car made me so
happy I think they're still doing it I
gotta go make friends right now see next
morning after the bonfire I couldn't get
any footage for you guys why we're dying
now
uh no I forgot my camera in the car and
I didn't want to record like a whole
vlogging bonfire off my phone
so um I apologize for that but it was
fun
also again Congrats - whoo - rag1 Julian
for one years that's very good
that's your ugh happy birthday 10
radians next I'm next
I said in yeah that's it for today's
vlog I hope you guys did enjoy
