so my neighbor just texted me and he
told me that he sees tim duncan and
andrew wiggins playing outside oh and
now i see it Tim Duncan right there and
andrew wiggins right there and andrew
wiggins
Tim Duncan the age difference
to end the game right Bosley get back
from there the pressures on Timmy
Gregg let me end it again rig let me end
it again Frank you think you can be bad
okay you're here with new Kobe no andrew
wiggins
nineteen year old first Tim Duncan
Michael
now he's now going to reach a mill no
more mill subscribers after that shot
pressures on my dad
dad you lost Brian I thought you already
want yeah I did more came and reach hit
the weight room I would have been
playing with them but I gotta go eat
with my cousin Anthony it's his birthday
my shoes got dirty at school Brian my
shoes got dirty at school really yeah I
don't know how to clean them dad you
can't reach that far this isn't 1999
goaltend
okay so my brother just beat my dad in a
game of horse I don't know why they were
playing but it's pretty funny I would
have I wanted to play with them but my
cousin Anthony wants to go get some food
and it was his birthday two days ago so
I'm gonna go take him out and also I'm
planning something for 25k and I know
you guys want to see it once I hit 25k
I'm planning on doing a public prank I
prank my brother I pranked my mom um
I've tried to prank my dad but I haven't
tried a public prank yet so I'm gonna do
that I have no idea what exactly to do
but um who doesn't like public pranks
and I'm gonna try to do a really good
one I don't like to upload average
videos so I'm gonna try to get it good
and see what I could come up with
dad I'm recording you okay so my dad's
but I mean I guess Bosley's behind me
too so this is my camera stand for
everyone who's been wondering Brian take
him in
underwater home alone yes mom who won
yesterday yes okay so like I said it's
Anthony's birthday and it just hit me
that I didn't buy him anything for his
birthday
so on my way to pick him up I'm actually
gonna stop by at I don't know Target or
I think Target I don't know and this is
literally the definition of a
last-minute gift so um let's see what I
could I don't know what should I get in
what does he like
he's very basic he's a 16 year old in
high school so I mean whoa we'll see
so I actually got kicked out of Target
like last week for riding my balance
board in there so I'm actually just
gonna use my feet today sadly me and rug
both got kicked out I wish I wish I had
a huge sign over my head that says
recording a vlog do not disturb because
I hate when people look at me and think
I'm talking to myself or something but
um before you make fun of what I'm gonna
buy Anthony you guys need to know that
me and him love to mess around with each
other we love to joke around so I'm
about I'm not buying my sincere gift for
that I'll just pay for his meal or
something I'm gonna buy him something
stupid something funny I don't know
we'll see
he bought me when it was my birthday he
got me literally a bucket of freaking
candy
half of the stuff in there were expired
but I'm gonna see what I'm gonna get him
I don't know yeah
where their blood cell should be right
there
disrespecting him okay so I just bought
Anthony a pair of baby socks a Halloween
plate and a slinky but I'm gonna be nice
and pay for his meal so I guess that
makes up for it
happy birthday say things why you're
laying Lee I know a couple of days was
really hard to pick Evan that's the best
part about Nicholas I've been to heaven
you are those the best oh you all yours
imagine I'm real and so you don't mix
your food I hate oh my god I hate when
Anthony mixes his food so I got him a
plate with it okay I don't know if our
boys but they're glow-in-the-dark no
Anthony got me a bunch of expired candy
and I got him back from for his birthday
it's my kid we got Anthony's number man
and I
and we got my number former Steve Nash
we're waiting for the food they said
what's so special melting yeah what's so
good about I don't know why you're
hurting just finished eating I I didn't
even pay for Anthony's food because I
thought I had a 20 in my pocket it turns
out I only had a 10 so happy birthday
okay so really quick Anthony just told
me a story about like how he's falling
for this mexican chick right there
bullshit
bullshit oh shit there's a cop right
next to me and my windows are both
tinted and they're both rolled up
Anthony how did you see him don't look
like you fucking me you can see like
nine years a fucking share it
look it says deputy it says creating
peace since 1850 how old is he like
fucking 200 fuck okay well
yeah I love Mexico kay hold on move on
okay well now that we're away from the
car yeah now that we're away from the
Cubs I find it ironic that me and
Anthony both fell for a Mexican girl at
the same time they're both beautiful
Brian bought me a $30 freaking bow and
arrow looks okay well whose gift was
better thanks wait but Manny and II on
the other he was that's him
Manny got me new white pins okay so my
sela cousin Manny got him bands my
cousin Brian got him a bone marrow but I
think I got in the biscuit
I'll know about them try on your socks
yeah I'm going to rain there what do you
have this here oh yes when I get too
lazy to go back there and see it on are
they really in labelled are no time to
find out if they're not glow-in-the-dark
I'm taking back to Target and returning
you can't come a low-key mother mob put
them up with him on dan shove a blue
light luck target wow I'm so wearing
this with vampire hey guys where'd you
come back from right now um I was
hanging out with friends but I was at BB
oh yeah she now just got the job at
where baby beyond bonds and Bebe's bonds
and the Biebs oh by the way I like
Brandon's new shoes okay now I'm never
gonna wear them against I'm sick and
tired of everyone commenting on them
what they're nice we have to say
something about damn house math going me
and Shay are so lost we're so lost than
everybody just understand yeah but like
oh yeah well there's this really weird
girl in Jennifer's
job just in case they watch my video
fine you could say it okay she's really
weird like she always get like she
always she's hardcore like yeah just
sugar like that really like sings screw
or like yells yeah like she always has
really kind I'm like she gets up to say
something she goes like hey let's write
a friend why didn't of our faces and I'm
just like whoa say bye to the vlog hi
guys
you have a The Exorcist
so the next day right now I just left
the gym I was about to go home and
shower and Lawrence calls me right as
I'm leaving the gym and tells me to meet
him at Home Depot I don't know why he
wants me to meet him at Home Depot but
that's where I'm at right now so we're
gonna ask Lawrence why he wanted me here
when he shows up I don't know where he
is tonight Anthony's throwing like a
bomb fire for his birthday so I'm gonna
try to bring my camera and record that
for you guys it should be funny he says
a bunch of his friends are going we'll
see
good day I do the vlog
why'd you want me here again cuz I have
to get something for work
getting escorted to what we need to buy
i am professionally like man yeah
Lawrence is so nice to the workers
shopping for his cause he better be
paying me for this look what he gave him
a hundo for freaking $20 worth of stuff
this way
alright then
your boss gave you a fake bill this is
looks like Anthony so Lawrence's give me
a ride to my car
it's really high think it's like 100
degrees and I look just less than a song
super sweaty I needed a rest one yeah I
needed a ride to my car I wouldn't have
made it hey right here is good yeah
I see thanks Larry while today's going
to conclude the vlog also guys later
I'll see Britain he's going to be at the
bonfire Samba try to record it thanks
guys for watching I'm out Lawrence okay
