everyone knows on my channel by now
Phoenix Suns first PCs and game is today
this month to sum this model is now
coming off my face it's on NBA TV so
whoever wants to watch a 7:00 p.m.
that's what the fuck is days what are
you fucking kidding me are you ok
everyone looked for the past week
Phoenix Suns and Sacramento Kings NBA
preseason opener for the Suns NBA TV
look at this
Sacramento Kings at Phoenix Suns while
the league decided to fucking put the
cap on national TV
why because why because they have LeBron
or what I'm so pissed right now I'm so
mad right now what the hell
so I guess who took the fucking game off
NBA TV mom I hate the NBA so ma how
would you take it up and be a TV because
LeBron is playing the Cavs are playing
I'm gonna find somewhere to watch it
what the hell sorry mom it's not a it's
not a prank why would I prank about a
precinct what the fuck is this is why I
hate the NBA it's all about money it's
all about viewers look well it's
yesterday's game so yeah they're playing
yesterday's hold on let me get on the
camera okay excuse my cussing but the
Phoenix Suns game was supposed to be on
NBA TV it says it on the guide it's been
on the internet for the past ever since
the schedule came out that the Suns
preseason opener was gonna be on NBA TV
and now they fuckin took it off to put a
previously recorded Cavs game this Cavs
game is not even going on right now that
Louis played yesterday the Cavs lost by
two points and they're repeating it over
playing the Suns game I freaking over
the NBA they know I'm done they give the
Suns no national recognition they
Media never talks about them they're
never on ESPN which is fine I don't care
but if your game is scheduled to be on
TV and someone wants to watch it then
you fucking leave it on TV and yes I
have leaked past purchase but they don't
show preseason All League past which is
why I was so happy to watch this game on
NBA TV because League Pass only shows
regular-season games I'm over it I'm so
mad right now I swear Hey so they took
off the Suns game off TV to show a game
that was already played yesterday and
everyone already knows what happened and
and now the Suns game it was scheduled
if you go on guide it says Suns at Kings
I know you're telling everyone come show
right Ray's here and the streams online
aren't working really I'm sorry I'm so
mad right now like I'm so mad I already
told you guys they're putting a game on
TV that's already been played and
everyone knows the result over a game
that's already scheduled to be on NBA TV
and the online streams that I'm getting
are not working I'm so pissed right now
it's like it's not even funny um I don't
know it is making me so mad like we
understand it's fucking LeBron James you
can watch him all 82 other game because
every one of his fucking games are
televised but you don't need to watch as
preseason two and even if you do you
could have watched it yesterday when it
was live
b SP hurries on the back court and then
loses the ball knocked away by Archie
Goodwin picked up to get it out to lure
lure go in that stare down to more
effort a lot of turnovers a lot of fist
miss things going on but it sure is
exciting and the bed
what's up you guys so as you guys saw I
was more than a little upset that the
sun's game got taken off of national
television and I'm gonna tell you guys
why really quick so I purchased NBA
League Pass every single year so I can
watch all the Suns games but that does
not include preseason so that game was
actually supposed to be on national TV
so I was like oh yeah I get to watch a
preseason game like you guys know I was
counting down for four weeks not just
days and not only did they take it off
for a Cavs game that calcium was a rerun
that game was played earlier on in the
day it was already on TV they chose to
rerun that over the Suns game which was
scheduled to be on TV I got really
pissed at the league because no I mean
I'm over the Suns did win and John lured
Phoenix Suns newcomer posterized
DeMarcus Cousins he gave him a little
scare down two and I was like okay so he
had 17 points and 13 rebounds which I'm
not gonna look too far into because it's
just pre season and I don't even know if
he's gonna get playing time during the
regular season but still that was pretty
impressive that dunk though I watched it
at least like 6 million times if you go
on vine and you see that it has like 7
million loops out of 6 million of those
loops and also TJ Warren 17 points in
like 20 minutes
I'm telling you guys TJ Warren is going
to be a star in this league in three
years when people think of the NBA and
they think of you know Anthony Davis
Kevin Durant
and then a little bit below them they
think of TJ Warren just remember this
video and remember that I said at first
I'm out of advisers e I swear I love TJ
he's probably gonna end up starting over
PJ Tucker at some point this season but
uh anyways know more about the sons game
they did end up getting the win want to
know but it just preseason so don't look
too much into it oh yeah I'm getting
ready to go to school right now
I guess I'm leaning towards Brandon
nights or ballers
either one sound sick to me so again I'm
gonna let you guys to decide but I'm
gonna have to speed up this process
because it's taking too long yeah the
shoes you guys saw I think I showed them
in this video I just picked them up at
the mall I love them they're clean they
were on sale for like 80 bucks and I
think them up I don't really have any
white shoes so now I do but it's time
for me to go enjoy my day at school
and I mean forgive me for being sold
said that the sun's game wasn't on TV
which I'm still mad at you guys about
NBA if you guys are watching this Adam
Silver whoever the hell controls the
nationally televised schedule you upset
a true fan
