what's going on you guys Brandon the
waters here with my brother
hey Jerrod what's up today we're
bringing you guys a real life would you
out there I'm going to take a break from
a blog today and I think a lot of people
are going to actually enjoy this more in
this hop pan whatever we have six sticky
notes with dares and one of them are
playing if you draw the plane that's a
free pass you don't do it there
obviously you draw the other ones would
you rather do this or this and you got a
pig all are pretty bad on they include
dog food you know smack ham stuff like
that so I think you guys are going to
enjoy this we'll do a rock paper scissor
yes see you goes first okay
my brother twins so I'm going to draw
four in it you get the bling first I'll
be so you're cheated a great machine I
swear on my life
blank pad you already knew where it was
no I didn't you guys saw turn this way
hand stuck in so now it's my brother's
turn cook it up a little see
Oh drink Bosley water or coffee grinds
so my brother's going to have the option
would you rather drink out of bog lead
off football 19 drinks after he eats his
food and sneezes in snores and drips all
the water out of his dirty tongue or a
spoon of coffee to bat back Walter I
took to you like I don't
okay I'm gonna do the caulking room but
I don't know that back okay let's take
you guys to the kitchen ready and hit
that right here buying classic roast
rich pure taste make sure we do not die
okay before my brother eats this let me
just say everyone has everyone knows on
my channel by now
Phoenix Suns first PCs and game is today
this smart to storm this smile is now
coming off my face it's on NBA TV so
whoever wants to watch it at 7:00 p.m.
do that smell I smell it here behind
just take this here I don't know Lee
Tech's bed just no it's probably worse
than the Gama challenge okay let's see
you try to swallow it let's see you try
to swallow
Bosley he could have drank out of your
water but you're so disgusting that he
rather do that how does that make you
feel Bosley well are you doing guys it's
been like almost four minutes of
gargling it's nothing lines up you want
to go get Starbucks how does it I
literally like he was gargling for like
four minutes straight mono so gross we
cook it up from no it's mine if you want
to cook for me
oh my god no no meat it out guys um so I
have an option to eat sup a bond please
dog food or some of his dog treats do I
look like a pug kind of but still no
it's what I think this was the worst one
in here for my doing which one I'm
taking with Berkeley which one tastes
better than food or trees
I want to take the tree damn it so let
me give you guys this barbecue beef
genuine jerky
it says 87 percent beef and 13 percent
good stuff that good stuff I don't even
want to know what it means
Basel come here you could have come to
here hey please got your turn okay how's
this yeah I get it over with
I'm so still does it just taste like
what does it taste like regular beep
drapy uh hiney I can't wait to brush my
teeth after this oh it's not you I don't
want to go on a date with me uh-huh all
right this is so what are you actually
gonna try to swallow it
hey I'm not edible you're getting it
tasted like regular beef jerky but like
in your the end it's like fish and like
how do you like that stuff buster ah
that was so gross
don't mad you got this it close your
eyes and
cereal with water or spoon of protein
I'm gonna go a cereal and water this is
not bad I don't know but spoonful
protein is bad I have to do both of our
breath right smell like coffee and mine
smells like gone okay so I've never
tried cereal with water but I've heard
it's really bad
Coco oh you want honeycomb okay here put
water from the sink water No yeah oh
that looks cool it looks like it would
taste really gross
yeah okay stop stop you're interesting
you did Oh what how does it taste
it does not flavor-wise this is this is
probably gonna be his new favorite snack
I'm a walking in my next vlog in his
room - in him eating cereal with water
no don't you you got I tried my best to
follow Bob which is impossible with No
am I done just take one more fight okay
what people eat swallow one and you're
done cuz you guys are wondering there's
6 more hours until the stone species
oh my gosh raw egg or double Kitty
question so I get to choose either bite
into a raw egg or get both my titties
twisted let me see how big your fingers
are brian has lobster claws so I think I
would go with the raw egg dan don't
never have to do this but I'm going to a
gym later so maybe I mean sorts of
protein and it all splashed on me Oh
gross good all about ever tried that
before
don't you just love the crunch oh yeah
all right here on the side of my cup the
case in my mouth a half right now I was
like so bad
oh my god I knew it
so Brian Vincent choose if he wants to
get smack camp with some blue burger
lotion or a raw egg I'm pretty sure
which one the emotion lotion I'll get
all that B's right yeah this is good
face lotion so okay so we go yeah motion
that I first just put on my tattoo
that's what I bought it for originally
and now
hey hey chill what's that okay don't use
your heart which side he wanted this or
this oh my god
oh Jesus okay so sadly it it's the last
day and it's my turn
so Oh wet toast or a toothpaste what uh
you need toothpaste bud you need to know
okay I'm gonna go with wet toes oh so
bad can't change your mind wet toast it
is is there really that bad yeah October
what hey are you lying I don't know what
should say as long as there's no mold
yeah hey hey coffee grinds are you gonna
whatever me me okay
Sara Lee David Lee toast at least it's
not the first spread that's only four
words
wait why with seawater waters waters
book this neck up Brian Hill here no way
on all hey look at this
oh right take the camera hold on Brian
go it's so gross Brandon I tried it try
to get out how bad is it
just do it hey watch it tastes like
butter do it so this is for him blood so
fry up you have to finish it and then
you can see urgh let's go and meet him
and play basketball with me oh not a fan
my mom literally hates when we do
challenges like yeah yeah I'm sorry but
why I should have done the dude thing I
know right Brian at some coffee yeah so
sadly actually happily this video is
coming to an end
um I'm pretty sure you guys enjoyed that
we did not enjoy it but it was it was I
don't know I want you guys to comment
first I want you guys to leave a like
then I want you guys to comment who you
think got the worst of the beers you got
them all right here we don't need these
anymore income never do this again six
more hours until it sounds preseason
starts I want everyone to watch NBA TV
it's just few season but I don't care
I'm out my brother's out and I do hope
you guys enjoy it thing
