well let me tell you guys what's going
on really quick
it's a Monday morning it's 10:18 it's
almost 10:30 and I'm on my way to the
mall
yes I do have school I have to go out
11:30 so I don't know what I'm doing but
uh let me tell you guys why I'm going to
them all
first of all let me show you guys the
weather
it's raining pretty badly in San Diego
which is where but on so I was getting
ready for school and I'm trying to look
through my closet for a nice hoodie and
I couldn't find one so now I'm busting
admission to the mall to buy a nice
hoodie I don't know from where zoomies
packs on one of those places so I'm
gonna look fresh going to school yeah I
got a I got a make it in time I have
like an hour not an hour to be at the
mall an hour to be in class so we'll see
how this ends up I'll keep you guys
updated yeah I just wanted to give up a
late birthday shout out to Tyson
Chandler who just turned thirty three
years old his birthday was a few days
ago I didn't get a chance to say it but
happy birthday Tyson you're a young 33 I
think you're pretty much like 23 play
officially you're 33 and some people
might be saying oh what you're wearing
is nice yeah I know what I'm wearing is
nice but the problem is I wore it last
week so like I can't really uh it's not
fashionable of me to wear the same thing
two times in a week so either way I'm on
my way to the mall nothing gonna stop me
now I have limited amount of time to go
there buy a hoodie and get to school oh
also I have a haircut appointment today
so I'm so freakin happy about that
am I the only one who hates rain I swear
like yesterday I tweeted that I didn't
like the rain and people were like wow
I don't like the rain I mean I just
don't I'd rather have it be sunny and
not just because I'm the Suns fan but
just because I like the Sun more my mom
would kill me if she knew I was going to
the mall this early in this type of
weather right before class because she
thinks like every time I'm in a rush I
speed a lot while she's going to see the
video anyway so mom you'll find out when
you watch this I had to go buy a honey
I'm sorry
and maybe the time
I can't find any nice hoodies okay so I
just dropped 74 dollars on a freaking
hoodie that's not even that nice but now
I have like 30 minutes to get to class
let's do this
dropped almost 80 bugs on the hoodie
it's not even that nice but my options
were so limited I mean not only was I
rushed but there were barely any sick
hoodies so on yeah now I have like 30
minutes to not only get to school and
find parking but to be in my class so we
got a bus submission right here yeah I
went to zoomies PacSun vans full Locker
and like oh no I think they're saving
all the good stuff for Black Friday
but I did get my hoodie so that's the
good news
and it looks like I'm gonna make it to
class on time and there's only 24 more
days until the sun's season-opener so
there's good news my gosh listen I
understand it's rainy but that doesn't
mean you drive like a fungus 88 slide
good
I'm done the speed limit is 65 this one
why are you driving so slow I know it's
rainy but you don't have to go a hundred
miles under the speed limit like which
is driving almost not that hard
well actually it is very pretty bad like
San Diego is not used to this but still
that's no excuse to drive like an idiot
blew a nice car
okay I don't even know if you guys can
see me right now because it's pretty
dark but I actually made it to class
pretty early I have like 15 minutes left
before class um
so oh by the way while it was a raining
super hard and I was driving back my
brake lights turned on like I need to
get my brakes checked and my tire
pressure so that's Karma for me getting
angry with people driving off slow and
idiotic my yeah my tire pressure and
brake lights came on so I have to get
those checked out um oh I was listening
to a fetty wap album and don't get me
wrong i love teddy but this stood out a
part of his lyrics in one of his songs
said um now my vision crystal clear I
see you or I see them from a mile away
I just find it kind of ironic cuz he
only has one eye I mean that my vision
crystal clear I see you from a mile away
that was pretty funny someone just saw
me talking to myself so uh I just need
to invite him and tell him to say hi to
the vlog like and maybe they'll
understand he won't think I'm crazy
anymore but um yeah and I don't know how
those balance boards do in the rain so I
don't think I'm gonna bring it down to
school today I'm actually gonna have to
use my feet and walk that's gonna be a
struggle I'm just joking but uh yeah I'm
not gonna bring it down today just in
case it's raining Oh time for class then
the gym then get my hair cut just the
usual day and Brandon's life
so I ended up getting my haircut super
happy I ended up being on time for class
super boring class today
the Sun decided to come out heavy today
after all that rain but I don't care I
like son more than rain so that's
straight I'm on my way to the gym right
now I have to do a quick workout because
tomorrow I have a test I got to come
back home and study for that I think
more workouts on back and biceps I'm not
going to do abs I had ABS yesterday yeah
just do some back and biceps go back
home study good source of protein right
here for anyone who wants I'm just
joking do not lollipop is not a good
source of protein I was just joking a
lot of people asked me to record my
workouts but I like to work out alone
it's kind of distracting when I work out
with a partner so like I don't really
have anyone to record me sometimes when
I bring my brother I'll have them record
me but the majority of the time I just
go work out alone
actually it's actually better to work
out with a partner because you have a
spotter right there with you which push
you to do more reps but I just get too
distracted too easily end up staying too
long at the gym so I'd rather go by
myself see what's going on here my nosy
ass just saw a car pull someone over I'm
trying to get that inside scoop really
quick
hopefully they don't see me recording
chase me down with a baton
bullshit
he almost saw me
but yeah I just got back from the gym
heavy traffic I hate driving at this
time I just got home and my dad said
that he got me Phoenix Suns cards that
how'd you get all of them Suns well he's
got a book hockey's baseball like I
don't pick over the songs so yeah these
are all older players Jeff hornacek
who's currently our head coach KJ Tom
Chambers who's an analyst for us right
now Charles Barkley oh I see a couple
Sean Mayer hands who else Oh Steve Nash
well now I'm happy Marquess who's an
assistant coach for us right now or our
big man coach whatever so I told you
guys I had to go I had to study because
I have a humanities test coming up
tomorrow and I think I'm gonna go to
Barnes & Nobles study with Jackie I'm
not gonna bring my camera to go study so
uh wait freakin looking at the weather
for tomorrow listen to this bipolar San
Diego weather so today is all raining
wet cold tomorrow 76 degrees sunny
Wednesday eighty degrees sunny all the
way up until Saturday gets to 97 degrees
so I guess a hoodie season in San Diego
lasted one day today make the most of it
guys but yeah I'll catch up with you
guys after I study I wanna see the
shuffle in my life
looking card trick right here from a
security magician medical anyway she'll
show him but don't let me see
are you ready sir okay put on top okay
cut the duck just grab a person just
take me good job okay yeah you cut it
was from
cut it
No are you ready focus on your card
family I see that number 23
was your car 223 good mija nobody else
again for me
yeah but the boat we are you go looking
ready 23 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13
13 16 17 18 to 20 ready 1 dude
oh wow
ok all right you guys past midnight
that's gonna conclude today's vlog I
mean um
today was pretty today was pretty fun I
rushed in them all by myself this hoodie
it looks nicer in the back it's kind of
plain in the front but it looks nice in
the back I went to school got a haircut
went to the gym made my NBA prediction
video I went to Barnes & Noble's and I
went study with Jackie you guys might
remember I shouted her out I mentioned
her as my future wife and then now we're
hanging out in the parking lot after and
we ran into a security guard who asked
us if we wanted to see some magic tricks
so he did so that for us but I mean I'll
study all this before tomorrow's class
and for Humanity's history course um
tomorrow Phoenix Suns preseason starts
we can excited for that and three more
weeks until the regular season starts
for the Suns so I forgot to mention when
I came back home from studying my dad
was telling me to come watch the replays
of the game the Monday night game man
the Seahawks I mean I'm not a fan of the
Seahawks or the line so it doesn't
affect me but damn I mean the NFL needs
to do something about that because if I
was a seat if I was a Lions fan
oh no that's pretty crazy on oh yeah
speaking about
all the charges about pretty lucky for
anyone who didn't see they missed a
40-yard field goal to win the game but
Cleveland got called offsides
so the charges got a second chance from
34 yards and they completed that so 2 &
2 a Chiefs are out 1 2 3 the Raiders are
at 2 & 2 and the Broncos for no so I
mean that's it for today I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog and I hope you guys
enjoyed my haircut because I know I do
but yeah thank you guys for watching
