and let me just say something really
quick so yesterday I posted my
predictions for the Western Conference
and I got a lot of comments saying
nobody wants to see this we want to see
more vlogs or pranks so I decided the
days that I do upload my bro wadis MBA
show I'm also gonna upload a vlog or a
challenge or prank or something like
that
so I'll be doing double uploads
including today I'm posting this right
now and later on today you guys are
gonna get a vlog so I hope that makes
everybody happy the people that like the
NBA show the people that also like the
vlogs and for the people that like both
do you guys get double uploads so I
think this is a win-win for everybody
on I'm getting ready to go to school
right now but I decided to squeeze in my
predictions for the top 3 in the Eastern
Conference and one more thing to clear
up Clippers thunder Spurs those are my
top three in the West that does not mean
that I predict the Clippers to go to the
finals and it does not mean that those
are my regular season predictions for
all we know the eighth seed in the West
could end up going to the finals I'm
just saying my regular season
predictions so I'm gonna start off in
the Eastern Conference
number one who else other than the
Cleveland Cavaliers um about the
Cavaliers Tristan Thompson I'm sorry
you're an idiot I know I know a lot
about his agent because his agent is the
same as Eric Blood him and he regrets
I'll share the same agent so last year
the Phoenix Suns kind of dealt with the
same thing where Bledsoe was refusing to
sign but then he came to his senses like
mid-september this is just crazy for
Tristan Thomson um I mean it would be
different if other teams were offering
him money so he's like kinda has
leverage with Cleveland dude no team is
gonna give you a max you're lucky enough
the Cavs offered five years 80 mil like
to come off the bench you averaged eight
I'm done I'm done I'm done
Tristan Thompson your distraction to the
team I don't know what's gonna happen
with that he's gonna be back obviously
they're just waiting for him to lower
his demands and I honestly kind of want
to blame it on its agent because
his agents crazy but yeah obviously the
Cavs number one resigning Kevin Love was
huge some people a lot of people thought
he was gonna leave
bringing back Mo Williams that was an
underrated signing he's gonna come off
that bench and provide scoring they also
kept him on Shumpert they kept jr. Smith
Anderson Varejao is coming back I'm
sorry Eastern Conference but unless you
guys are big on believing injuries then
no one's gonna take down Cleveland I
honestly think they have a clear path to
get to the finals I think they're gonna
win 60 games next year um yeah so number
one Cleveland Cavaliers number two this
might be one of my boldest predictions
yet the Miami Heat yes I'm putting the
heat above the Bulls I'm putting them
above the Hawks above the Wizards their
starting lineup one of the but I'm een
goran dragic
Dwyane Wade Luol Deng Chris Bosh and
Hassan Whiteside like you can't find a
weakness in their starting lineup even
great teams have you know weaknesses
here and there that he they need weight
to stay healthy they need weight to stay
healthy they need Bosh to stay healthy
even George has had some run-ins with
the injury bug recently but man the heat
and hold on I just named their starting
lineup let me give you guys their bench
Mario Chalmers who's been a starter for
years Gerald Green I love you gerald me
and I'm just put that out there I'm just
just Winslow who could have been the
seal the draft who knows he might end up
being the biggest seal the draft Amar'e
Stoudemire who averaged 12 points a game
off the bench last season the heat I
don't want to speak too early but
they're stacked um if Cleveland does get
hit with an injury to a big-name player
like Kyrie is already hurt let's say
Kevin Love goes down again I think the
one team that has a chance to knock them
out of the playoffs would be Miami this
is really bold considering they didn't
make the playoffs last year but I'm
putting them at number two I have too
much faith in that team I mean I like
their lineup there
Erik's folks are the great coach you
heard rumors of him getting maybe
getting fired when they thought he first
assembled their big three no he's still
there and he's doing a great job so
number one Cleveland number two Miami
number three I'm gonna give to Chicago
but I yeah I'm gonna give it to Chicago
I mean they didn't make any major moves
they fired Tom Thibodeau but Fred
Hoiberg is a good coach I don't think
it's gonna matter too much
anyways that might actually help them
because you heard a lot of rumors of how
the front office and the players were
losing trust in Thibodeau so uh yeah the
Bulls I mean I don't see what they did
to make them improve that much they're
still loaded on bigs I thought they were
gonna get rid of one they got Joakim
Noah Nikola Mirotic Pal Gasol Taj Gibson
they they drafted Bobby Portis like um I
don't know they're gonna have to trade
one they don't even know who's gonna
start mirrored to trick us all and both
of them deserves to start I do like the
Bulls I'm not as high as them as I was
in previous years um d-rose should be
able to stay healthy his his eye injury
was not anything for people to worry
about like it was not any I hate when
people were saying WOW he's so fragile
no that has nothing to do with he got
elbowed in the eye it's common um what
else I mean they gotta give Doug
McDermott more minutes he did not I feel
like he could have shine last year he
was NBA ready Tom Thibodeau being given
many minutes yeah they brought back Mike
Dunleavy I do like the Bulls I just
don't know if they have what it takes to
knock out Cleveland but then again I
guess you could say that about every
team in the East
um I mean those are my picks for the top
three in the East Cleveland Cavaliers
first easy pick for me and I mean
there's just LeBron he's determined
there's no way anyone's gonna stop him
the Miami Heat my bold prediction coming
in at second place I see them all around
like faith or six I got them second
that's a surprise but that's my gut
feeling third the Chicago Bulls
it seems that they're always in the
second or third seat and they just can't
get over LeBron but who knows maybe this
is the year I don't see it happening but
who knows I'm putting them at third seat
right now I mean this is my bro Wallace
MBA show Eastern Conference predictions
top three tune in later on today for a
vlog and tomorrow again my West Western
Conference predictions numbers four five
and six and I hope you guys enjoyed let
me know if you guys agree disagree with
my pitch I love reading all your guys's
comments thank you guys for watching
