what's going on you guys bro Wallis MBA
show it's been a while since I've said
that for a bunch of people who used to
watch my videos way back you guys know I
used to only post the bro wadis MBA show
and today I'm bringing it back with a
Western Conference preview slash
predictions show 15 teams in the West so
I must split this up into a 5 episode
series each show covering three teams so
first I'm gonna give you guys my
predictions for the top three teams in
the West and some of these are gonna be
bold I'm warning you guys but it's the
Western Conference you don't know what
to expect so my bold predictions could
be right and my bold predictions could
end up being way way opposite than what
I thought I'm gonna start off with my
number one team and I say this with
caution the Los Angeles Clippers on the
Los Angeles Clippers I mean they kept
all their core players around to thought
DeAndre Jordan was gone check Dallas his
roster and look it over he's not in
Dallas he's back in LA they kept him
they kept Blake they kept cp3 JJ Redick
I mean on there they kept the team that
was top five in the West last year and
almost made it to the Western Conference
Finals so you say why would they be
number one well their biggest problem
was their bench last season and when I
say they shored up their bench that
might be the biggest understand I've
ever said in my life
their bench looks like one of the best
in the league right now they added Lance
Stephenson Josh Smith and they still
have Jamal Crawford and that's not to
mention Paul Pierce will be coming off
their bench
it looks like Doc Rivers is leaning
towards starting Leslie Johnson so on
their bench
Jamal Crawford Lance Stephenson Josh
Smith Paul Pierce man like the Clippers
and I'm putting all my bias aside cuz I
hate the Clippers I could have put them
15 in the West the Clippers are gonna be
scary next year I'm talking regular
season who knows about the playoffs we
know they might be cursed playoff wise
but regular season I see them winning
over 60 games and taking the number one
spot out west over the warrior Spurs Oh
over the warrior Spurs OKC Houston the
Clippers are gonna be scary next year I
say that with caution but that's what
I'm leaning towards my number two team
in the West may come as a little bit of
a surprise considering they didn't make
the playoffs last year can anyone guess
who it is it's the Oklahoma City Thunder
I mean um
Russell Westbrook was a monster last
season and no one expects him to keep up
that place throughout 82 games because I
honestly don't think that it's possible
for a human being but if he brings back
just part of that part of that killer
whatever was going on inside of his body
for that 10 to 15 game stretch Kevin
Durant stays healthy
they recent and his cancer Stephen Adams
is back Serge Ibaka I mean that team is
gonna be scary like just think about the
OKC take OKC teams that were running
over everyone plus and it's Kanter who
gives you close to 20 points a game his
defense is horrendous I don't want to
talk about that but his offense is crazy
good they got a center tandem that does
not need to be messed with in atoms and
cancer uh they also drafted Cameron
Payne who could score right away coming
off that bench they still have dion
Waiters I'm not sure if they're gonna
start him um they're gonna be scary I
don't even need to mention health they
need to be healthy but I'm considering
every team here is gonna be healthy so
my top two so far clippers and thunder
people are wondering where the Warriors
are people are wondering where the Spurs
are well my third team right now the San
Antonio Spurs they let me just say this
if you didn't think LaMarcus Aldridge
was a superstar that's only because he
played in Portland and they're
nationally televised games were kind of
up and down and know just when you watch
him play with San Antonio you're gonna
be like wait that's what LaMarcus
Aldridge could do he is underrated he's
a top three power forward in today's
game he averaged 25 points a game last
season and the Spurs signed him they did
not trade for him they signed him
outright they did not give up anything
25 points per game I think almost 12
rebounds a game he is gonna there are
some questions the Spurs rely on ball
movement that's how they win games and
LaMarcus Aldridge is kind of a ball
stopper not in a bad way but I mean the
way he plays you feed him the ball he
goes to work in the post the Spurs are
gonna be so scary and if pop wasn't the
coach I would have picked them to be
number one I'm not saying pop it's a bad
coach I'm saying he likes to rest his
players he doesn't care about
regular-season wins he does not care
about playing in big nationally
televised games no he's gonna the Spurs
could've easily won over 60 games but my
prediction they'll finish third because
pop is gonna start resting players here
and there throughout the season um so
not only did they sign LaMarcus Aldridge
they got David West to turn down 12
million dollars from Indiana to sign for
1 point something million dollars to
come off the bench for San Antonio you
got LaMarcus Aldridge starting and a
player like David West coming off that
bench like that's that's a scary duo so
then they had free agents Tim Duncan
Manu Ginobili and Danny Green and Kawhi
Leonard so in your head you're like ok
they had to lose one of those players to
sign a LaMarcus Aldridge nope REE signed
Kawhi Leonard nice on Danny Green Ries
and Timmy and Reese on Manu one of the
most underrated moves they made was um
they traded for Ray McCollum from
Sacramento they have now he's a great
backup point guard I don't he's really
underrated you guys probably didn't even
hear about that move the Spurs are gonna
be scary there
they're my third pick but who knows they
might be going to the finals so I mean
there you have it my number one pick the
Los Angeles Clippers they cleared their
biggest weakness their bench they made
made out may be one of the best off
seasons
aside from the Spurs I mean they got
Paul Pierce back
Lance Stephenson Josh Smith they also
signed a Cole Aldridge which is
underrated he's a pretty good backup big
man saying this with caution I think
they finished with over 60 wins and the
number one seed
number two OKC barring any injuries they
they're gonna be stacked just like the
rest of the Western Conference number
three San Antonio Spurs you I mean I so
sad still that they signed LaMarcus
Aldridge when the Phoenix Suns had such
a legitimate chance every day that
passes by I see some articles here and
there showing just how real that
possibility was of Aldridge ending up in
Phoenix but that's the past it is what
it is I hope you guys enjoyed my
predictions or previews for those three
teams tomorrow I'll be uploading my
predictions and picks for the three team
top three teams out east and thank you
guys for watching
welcome back the bravados NBA
