my brother just beat me in 2k16 55 to 38
too easy
we self-application please you killed me
I'm not a video game I'm telling you
guys my brother playing csgo game with
none other than face fakey i know fake
he's in that Lobby I'm about to write
this article Phoenix Suns Season Preview
trying to find a picture for it no I
don't know yet me and my brother home
alone and I don't believe any of this
ghost shit but low-key I heard some
footsteps upstairs I'm not even joking
I've never experienced any ghost stories
I just watched my brother's videos that
was pretty creepy
fuck you ghost oh shit your treat
buzzing about to get a tree Bosley you
want to treat sing six seven nine by 31
that's the only way you'll get the treat
don't give it to mom Leslie seems okay
Bosley come on all you have to name the
whole son starting lineup I'll help you
Tyson Chandler air Bledsoe
come on Bosley wait Markieff Morris yep
and that's two more if you get these
wrong you're not sleeping in the house
tonight
it's definitely not PJ Tucker you dumb
it's taha Bosley was he wrong it was PJ
Tucker and Brandon Knight why him such a
small piece look he's trying to starve
Bosley I'm gonna call PETA all right
Bosley sit he already is chick hey sit
shake give me five
now spin tell them to give you a kiss
that's it and you can get it again sit
sit
guess who's video just hit a million
views in a week this guy a million and
how much um 1.1 1.1 million a week mom
your Gatorade in Windex reaction has
over a million views crazy show us what
you could do
Oh
okay so freshman in high school how have
your first couple of weeks gone I'm not
giving you a fist bump I'm holding the
microphone oh um pretty boring because I
haven't known none of my friends in my
classes well school is about learning
not about hanging out with your friends
okay what's your favorite class P no a
real class
where are you going you look dressed up
with my friend cable
he claims she's a One Direction fan and
doesn't even have to get now I have to
get like a thing that holds it I'm gonna
make like a little shrine up there yeah
I'm just joking she went to the One
Direction concert she went into deep
July ninth and after it was over she
went into deep depression shoot how sad
it's sad let's go see your dad
then thoughts on the charger season so
far no good no good tape just like my
dad
at a public gym
I don't put I mean that's like Anthony
when I take him to the gym these are
literally the worst these are the worst
chips ever like they say fried pork
skins no it's it's fried nasty err
it's literally it tastes like air with
it tastes like bad air it has no flavor
it's a fart yeah it tastes like your
fried fart yeah it tastes like you're
eating an empty fart
airball hi yeah one yeah
buzzer go play go play some basketball
outside do you play with us outside are
you complete you kick we're trying to
try to force me to do shit so I just
showered again where you go hang out so
I can't play basketball with Brian and
Anthony but let's go check out what
they're doing right now though
so Anthony just scored on rug let's see
it from this view
on the rim that I broke it's only seven
feet now because I tried to dunk if you
guys saw him Brian's video and it broke
okay you guys as I'm getting ready to
watch the Chargers game first of all
they better beat the Browns we're
playing at home against Cleveland we're
already one and two I mean you got to
get this win go up to two and two but
that's another story on the Phoenix Suns
had like a little inner squad scrimmage
where they split up the team and just
scrimmage in front of the fans if I was
in Phoenix out of definitely wet it was
free you got to watch the Phoenix Suns
play um so the Suns beat the Suns by one
point if that makes sense
Eric Bledsoe had a game-winning layup on
alex land I was actually just reading
about it right now
Phoenix Suns win on blood so game-winner
past Alex Len
so yeah the Suns lost and the sun's won
yesterday I don't know whether I should
be happy or sad but uh yeah three days
until the preseason opener but more
importantly 24 days until the regular
season opener days almost here
also on 20,000 subscribers freaking
crazy like I can't believe it it's like
my subscriber count is going up rapidly
fast and uh a lot of people are saying
my brother shouted me out which is the
case but no one said people have to
subscribe they check out my channel see
my content and it's up to you guys to
subscribe which you guys do and I
appreciate it
me and my brother are actually buying
tickets to the Suns and Clippers game on
November 2nd we're going to be in LA
November 2nd to see my son's take on the
LA Clippers who are pretty stacked this
season so I don't know if that's going
to turn out well for me but nonetheless
I'm gonna go to every single game on the
Suns visit la so on
yeah we're buying tickets to that right
now Phoenix Suns and LA Clippers less
than a month away you can't see it's
November 2nd I'm looking at where is it
section 102 because
the sons bench is right there and 102
would be right here so I'm looking at
102 or 103 that's where I always sit
hold up I posted a pretty funny story
yesterday at least in my head it was
funny I want to show you guys
so uh the name for my subscribers I
still have not figured it out I mean
it's it's kind of coming down to ballers
or Suns every time I'm about to choose
Suns people comment to talk me out of it
but I love that name
like I'm telling you guys I'm just going
to set up a poll where you guys vote
I'll put some more options in there but
I think it's going to come down to sons
or ballers if you guys remember for the
people who used to watch my videos way
back I used to do the broadest NBA show
and I think I'm going to create a
separate channel for all those NBA shows
because I haven't done one in a while
and I've been wanting to speak my mind
about the NBA for example I want to do
like kind of a prediction for each team
and I think I'm going to create a new
channel so I'll probably link that in
the description not for this video but
in the future when I get a chance to
make it and that's where I'll post all
my MBA videos so whoever is interested
in that and that's going to conclude
today's vlog the charger better pick up
today's victory but more importantly
coming down for the Phoenix Suns season
to start BA to buy my tickets and I hope
you guys enjoy the rest of your day
because I know I am and thank you guys
for watching
