so I'm walking Bosley this is usually
Brian's job but he's making a video so
I'm taking over the duties today bother
we gotta hurry up it's too hot and you
don't even have a nose to breathe out of
so yeah later tonight we're gonna go to
Delmar Scaregrounds it's like a haunted
house attraction but it has more than
one it has like three or four haunted
houses Bosley if you don't walk and I'm
gonna try to get some footage of that
for you guys
so I could upload I also have a really
good prank ID enough for tonight for
another video and I can't wait to do it
you guys are gonna love that I'm not
gonna spoil it you guys have to wait and
see Bosley has to go to the vet today -
I'm not taking go buddy let's go inside
let's go look at that booty go Bosley
look at that booty Bugsy time for you to
go to the vet maybe get some shots not
the good shots Bosley the one of the
needles I'm going to Fuddruckers with
Odell Beckham jr.
yeah Bosley how hyped are you that
you're going to the vet how magic he's
good at matching Bosley got mad that my
mom hugged Bryan jealous okay I'm sorry
this picture came out from the Rockets
training camp today after their practice
James what the hell are you doing
look I tweeted it with the caption this
is why you don't date a Kardashian but
really what the hell's going on here
James come on
thanks for the plate thanks for the
water
once you can't see any detail there's
mine lettuce and bacon I got extra
pickle boy went all out
pickles ketchup pico de gallo underneath
no you didn't have you holding the this
part guys Odyssey and Facebook
low-key
so me and Lawrence are about to go
through the ball needs to buy a jacket
before the Scaregrounds if I go
no he's going nah it'll wipe all the
moisturizer off my face
let's go to the mall mission Valley Mall
you actually thought I was going along I
just have the workers try it they both
almost a shit
yo of course I run into I run into
someone at the mall oh no they're
selling that here he's playing some
spending he's playing some lady off is a
Bluetooth hoverboard
last week what what do you guys what do
you guys say download download the new
fetty wap album or no i say yeah we got
that Betty blasted on his Bluetooth
turned down he's trying to put me to
shame his ass Bluetooth and he's
blasting Betty I'm so jealous he's
putting me to shame right now I'm like
this please let's see your hair oh holy
shit what do you pay that see that my
pants Oh
so Kalin is staying because she's good
kaylynn there it's fake I know that so
come on let's go we're all going we're
gonna we're gonna go see Federline they
tricked me they said we're going to
offend you all concert now we're over
here with rug bug on my camera in the
car so we gotta use my phone get
everyone at you stop looking at me and
not funny
Loren's what happened
I look like he's Winlock we locked horns
his keys in his car
I'm fucking locked up Oh another two
hours now his kids are in his car and we
have to call like an insurance company
Kailyn you decided to come on you
decided to come on squad balls squad all
got free Glo States for some reason rug
got green what'd you say I mean it's so
fucking ugly one shit
we got it thank God
Bosley is so annoying Bosley you can't
just sit right in front of someone and
stare he's literally just this is his
point of view the whole time Bosley at
the vet they said he had an ear
infection and something wrong with his
eyes still look at all the shit they
prescribe to Bosley he's about to be
drugged up eyedrops pills ear drops
freakin medicine I tried to get as much
haunted house footage as I could but
even ask rug what were the rules no
recording super strict no recording
rules you could even hear in one of my
videos in the haunted house they were
like what did they say they were like
put the cameras where we'll take them
something like that but um it was fun I
wish I got more footage for you guys but
I couldn't so hope you guys enjoyed and
thanks for watching
