oh hi can I have a carne asada burrito
with no pico please ah that's it thanks
at ease here so it's 10:45 I got class
at 11:20 I don't know why I put myself
in this position I still got to go home
in my burrito get to class we'll make it
though don't worry six days until the
Phoenix Suns preseason starts
which means there's 27 days until the
regular season starts I wish I was 27
minutes oh my gosh but I mean 27 days
isn't too bad I guess but yet today get
myself a burrito go to class go to the
gym I'm actually hitting chest triceps
and abs which is the longest workout of
the week but I think we're ready what I
come home to my brother's lazy ass can't
even walk Bosley anymore
Bosley would you let me eat in peace one
time Bodley hey you can't stand by the
table every time I eat okay it's
annoying and it's not a good habit for
you to learn
how long startanim to the very same
castmates shoulder board we're super
lost we don't understand so I just left
school went home really quick changed
ate a small sandwich and now I'm on my
way to the gym like I said before chest
triceps and abs so we're going to be
here for a while and depending on what I
have planned later I might come back to
play basketball I'm not sure yet
well let's get this workout out the
wafer
I'm going to try to charge my protein as
much as I could I'm just how much I hate
protein shakes a lot but I still have to
drink them but oh I know look at this
nice weather you can never check me
hey want you hugs chug do not fucking
spit that in my trash can let's grow
Bosley I have to shower soon come on I
have to go take a shower
missile worldwide is a step in the road
almost
I think Bosley if you like the song my
brother jamming out to usher in pitbull
so I was going to jail Green's Instagram
he thinks he's slick last season he only
had one small tattoo right there now he
has a full sleeve I think I'm the only
one in the world who noticed the size
from his family but more proof look at
that he did not have that last season if
you don't believe me look it up so
Gerald got some fresh ink
I'm noticed yeah last season he just had
like pretty much where I have mine and
then he had one right there so he didn't
add to that one but he added to his
whole arm looks nice Gerald good luck
next season
I will of course we got seated but the
Ox how am I gonna appease for the
officer watching and can I add Oh a
Caesar salad okay guys so that's going
to conclude today's vlog um tomorrow I
have a speech in my speech
communications class and I'm not going
to lie I'm a little nervous for that the
only good thing is I kind of forced to
my partners to do it on NBA salary cap
so I'm kind of going to be in my comfort
zone talking about basketball I know
they didn't want to do it but they were
like yeah it's okay I know you guys
don't want to do it you guys are
watching um also I was thinking for all
my fans we need a name I mean my brother
has Rugrats Foods YouTube Hasbro Bros
what am i I want you guys to comment
below what my fans are gonna be called I
have no idea so I want to get it from
one of you guys and I'll pick the best
one thank you guys so much and enjoy the
rest of your day peace
