what is going on you guys banned in here
aka Avery waters and today I am bringing
you a brand new video with my good
friend so for those who don't know
Jacky was absent from my channel for a
really long time probably about a month
and when I was in the emergency room the
other day Jackie came and visited me at
the hospital and I was walking that day
so I put her in my video and once that
video came out and people saw Jackie the
video everybody started going crazy like
oh my gosh we miss Jackie even though
you guys aren't dating we still want to
see more of Jackie and hey I made videos
for you guys so if you guys want to see
more of Jackie that she's here she's in
another video right now and we would hit
with a million questions after the
hospital visit like so we decided it
only makes sense to give you guys it's
very awkward actually like nothing
awkward ex-girlfriend ex-boyfriend Q&A I
don't know I feel like it's gonna be
awkward about the same time it should be
not for us but for you guys it should be
fun I think it'll be funny
cuz I wanna know what your answer can I
lie if you have anything nice to say
don't say still the same Jackie nothing
changed
like we were dating for over two years
and like I don't know just okay
okay guys so we're gonna start with the
first question so you guys were dating
for over two years you were pretty much
living with each other saw each other
every single day did everything with
each other and now just like that
separated you know you're single is it
weird waking up and you know Jackie's
not there or is it weird to kind of wake
up and be like okay instead of checking
my phone and seeing a text from Jackie
like you're single is it weird okay I
think it's weird when you're with
somebody for that long over two years
that's over seven hundred and thirty
seven hundred forty days of every single
day like seeing the same person waking
up with the same person yes weird I
think it's gonna take some time before
it's like it's normal to wake up and oh
I'm single like I feel like it's gonna
take some time to get used to yeah
say the same just because I feel like
you and I you know would wake up and
like go get breakfast or like go to the
gym and play bass no no but you know
like ah bring breakfast and goodie and
then you'll go or like I'll go to yeah
but we'll still like have that time
where we do like wake up together
because we did everything together for
two years you know like so a lot of the
stuff it's like you have to get used to
like doing it by yourself it's only been
a month a little bit less than a month
so we're still kind of getting used to
thing and I think it's taking longer for
us to get used to being alone because
we're still friends and we still talk so
this next question is a little less
serious and it coats who wore the pants
in the relationship so you guys might
know me as to do to only wears
basketball shorts and you know I'm
always in shorts but don't get it
twisted because I think I wear the pants
in the relationship
ah no 100% okay for how much you wore
the pants yeah you'd be surprised that
he doesn't ever wear pants with these
cute like oh okay does your mom miss me
and does your mom or my mom want us to
get back together so I'll answer that
question first
and I'm sure my publicity right here she
would have a whole lot to say for this
question yes my mom misses Jackie a lot
I know they still talk whether they
admit it or not whether my mom deletes
the messages or not I know they still
talk every single game yeah I'm not dumb
like my mom and Jackie are like this but
what me and Jackie broke up I told my
mom I said that doesn't mean you have to
stop talking a jacket so my mom loved
Jackie my mom and Jackie are like best
friends and does my mom want me and
Jacobi back together yeah my mom my mom
loves Jackie so I love his mom my mom
yeah obviously she misses branding
because like kina is really close with
my family so and I bought being together
she just like it's up to us you know no
matter what it is she still looks ready
I miss your mom yeah she misses you Isis
you're at the gym all the time when I
was like
well she would try to get my attention
I'm a bit of a game you guys know me
when I'm playing basketball I'm too
focused I wouldn't realize who love and
the lowly hippie class so hard oh my
yeah no I think it's just like a random
French I wouldn't say anything and then
when I realized like oh shoot that's my
girlfriend's mom I run over and give her
a hug and be like oh sorry sorry I
wasn't paying attention okay next
question do you keep the gifts that I
got you so all is is that you can
consider you get my car I told her to
keep my car I'm sure she told me she's
like okay like do you want your car back
it's your car bah bah I said no I'm not
gonna take my car back but anyways yeah
I do keep the gifts I think if the
relationship ended in a different ways
that would be different for example if
it ended on a sour note all the bad
terms obviously I don't think I want to
keep any of the things that she got me
around in my possession but the fact
that it ended on civil terms and we're
still friends I still keep the things
that she got me so what about you do you
keep the things that I got you know but
with the car I actually I felt really
bad because I was like this is a really
really big gift so me and him had a long
conversation he was like of course keep
it I gave it to you like I'm not gonna
ask for it back but my my question is do
you where would I give you what I gave
you
I don't know right oh my god where all
the time okay next question Brandon do
you plan on getting another girlfriend
Jackie do you plan on getting another
boyfriend
um well up before the things get ugly
really quick I'll be the first answer to
kind of come things out you can't
there's no way anybody would be thinking
unless they're crazy there's no way
anybody could be in a relationship for
two years breakup for less than a month
and already be trying to get a new
girlfriend not just theirs unless you're
crazy than yet so no I don't plan on
getting another girlfriend who knows
things could change in like a long time
but for now no nobody could get over a
relationship of two years that fast and
if you do then I don't think that means
you truly love the person that you were
with I'm not looking today anybody else
thinking of another girl is just it's me
myself am i right now my family my
friends you two you guys and a
basketball let's see her answer so
absolutely not I don't have to think
about it that's a good lie no okay so I
guess the answer for both of us know
this question right here what is one
thing that you like or that you miss
about each other I'm gonna go ahead and
say you know when I play my basketball
games it used to be someone on the
sidelines who would be cheering and
there would be something special that
she would say every time out scorched
and she would say go baby no less than
one month not be together she already
forgot to go bitch so I have a good
friend named Dennis who comes to my
games and he kind of tries to replicate
the go babe but it just doesn't sound
the same I think I miss how we used to
sleep together like that but when you
would like cuddle me to sleep because I
slept far away but now I'd like to take
some time to sleep you could read me
like for a couple of nights quiet like a
leaf sweetie good not like anything
sexual just like huggy you kill you I
charge like 200 a night you know they
actually sell like boyfriend pillows you
just said you're not looking for another
boy so this is a little easier for me
because Dennis lives right here so I
think he's kind of taking Jackie's role
like aside from the bad things that
Jackie used to do like in the bed Dennis
doesn't do that Dennis you gotta set
your game of roll okay guys so I know
these questions have been asked where we
both answer that from to your point of
views but I have one question that I
want to ask Jackie just for her
you lied the whole two years of the
relationship you might as well not stop
now I'm just joking I know my obsession
with basketball you know what
it was watching or playing or talking
about it or dreaming about it or ruling
about it was a little crazy but don't
lie do you ever miss my obsession with
basketball uh like 60%
yeah yy-you can explain okay why I
missed it was because I I feel like you
taught me so much about the sport number
I used to like want to watch games
myself like I look a monomial I miss
watching the Sun with how much you loved
it like how much you were into it well I
actually noticed since Jackie stopped
watching the Suns for like the past
month she looks so much healthier and
younger because there's no stress from
the Sun skin look at me I saw the same
wrinkles yeah
because of the son's games that's why
Phoenix you got to start winning some
games there's a perfect example what
happens when you watch every son's game
look at me I look old as hell and what
happens when you go one month without
watching son's games Brandi you look
good okay why don't you miss me cause
you to be sick
and you ain't care if you play
basketball like and I hated that because
it's like you need to take care of
yourself what was already you but still
okay guys there's no time for me to be
luxury okay so now I know I hate to be
honest like don't lie be honest do your
friends hate me no no my friend my
friends actually like Jackie if we ended
on bad terms or let's just say you like
cheated on me my friends would
absolutely hate you but they know they
saw everything that you did for me over
the past few years how happy you made me
and just like how much you supported me
so they don't hate you at all okay guys
so somebody asked this question we
weren't gonna answer it but I'm just
like you know what I don't need
did you everything at any point in the
relationship that Jackie was a gold
digger
aka shows only with you for the money or
the fame that question is just so
ridiculous because but for those who
don't know two years ago what me and
Jackie had first started talking to
first started dating there wasn't any of
this YouTube stuff there wasn't the
camera there wasn't a YouTube channel I
Brandon the audience was a full-time
college student working a part-time job
at a grocery store
pushing cards and bagging groceries and
that's what me and Jackie started
talking that's when we started dating
the whole YouTube stuff that came after
so
it's crazy in my mind how some people
would call Jackie a gold digger I say
she's only with you for the money
because when me and Jackie started
dating I was making minimum wage pushing
grocery carts in the rain yeah you had
to jut like but considering the fact
that you know we were dating when I was
a little college student I just turned
one 19 20 years old and I was you know
working part-time thanks for you know
being a bum anyway yeah that's true I
had a job and I was going to school
full-time so yeah I guess that's good
now this last question before we end the
video and the video is either gonna end
with blood all over the screen and it
might never get uploaded because I don't
know who would upload it if we're both
dead hopefully finish well I could you
know send science brothers in trouble
Anika for this video for me or it's
gonna end on civil terms and we could
just end the video and I'll edit and
upload it myself so this question reads
now that this relationship is over and
you guys are just friends you gotta be a
hundred percent honest during those two
years of dating did you ever at any
point message called snapchat whatever
it may be somebody else like in a
suspicious way like for me did i message
other girls and for you did you message
other guys and I might answer this
straight up no I'm gonna go first answer
no I did not do that me and Jackie had a
really really strong relationship we
were pretty much living with each other
she was extremely close with my family
she was really close with my mom and I
would never do that to somebody so from
my aunt it's a no I'm sure her answer is
gonna be a no also away from oh so uh no
first started I would never do that to
somebody that I'm dating it's not that
serious if you're that desperate for
another girl or if you're that desperate
for you know different bodies then you
gotta end their relationship fast and
you could go do whatever you want after
that you don't do it when you're in a
relationship that's first and foremost
second when someone is that close with
my mom well my mom loves somebody that
much you don't do that to somebody that
your mom loves
look I could go on and on and on
for you know years literally I could go
on and on about this for as long as me
and Jackie David but I'm just gonna keep
it short and simple no you don't do that
to somebody it's just a bunch of reasons
why you don't and now me and Jackie were
we were good we were we were strong so
le never that came from my in and I'm
not worried about you know I and I feel
like me and him we're just really close
if you are talking to other people or
you feel the need to like entertain
little stuff like that because I'm the
relationship
yeah especially because you know I'm
sure a bunch of girls that needle me and
Brandon were in relationship they've
still messaged him on whatever you know
like I said they wanted Brandon who
wouldn't want someone like him but so we
would never feed into it would actually
like look out and laugh together but you
know what Joey no no no no no then she
would show me a goddamn mixture no take
the phone no no let's just say there
were a bunch of times where you know
guys would try to hit her up and girls
who try to hit me up but we never
entertained it back we would just show
each other and laugh at and just ignore
it well whatever guys so uh guys that is
going to close out today's video I
really hope you guys enjoyed this video
I hope it kind of opened up like we were
always so close with you guys while we
were dating we always shared everything
about online and now that we split up
and we're more on the level of friends
instead of dating I feel like we've kind
of been like shying away our
relationship from the camera which
obviously makes sense we dated for two
years and now that we just broke up it's
kind of hard to show everything on
camera but I think now I'm kind of
getting used to it and I know it's weird
for you guys to see a couple that broke
up and then are still friends because
usually these things go sour and you
know they go down to the ground but me
and Jackie I guess we're just mature
about it like I said if she had cheated
on me or if I cheated on earth we
wouldn't still be friends so the fact
that we just ended on civil terms were
so cool and look at her I'm sick you
know my friends are out of town and
she's here taking care of me so I
appreciate that came to the hospital and
today she came by to check to see how I
was doing and the Internet
this video so I hope this opens up our
relationship to you guys in a little bit
of a different way but hey I'm still
brand that she's still Jackie and I know
you guys drop a like on this video if
you did enjoy subscribe to this channel
if you're new other than that guys
there's just some peace oh wait we're
friends so we don't kiss me six and a
half hours later what are you doing now
the whistles work now they work but for
the Sun they don't work
I
