okay what's up everybody Brandon here
again and for some reason I'm gonna be
playing black ops 2 again even though I
got murdered last time if you guys saw
the video I played free-for-all I think
I got like 10 or 11 kills and that was
one of the last people if not last place
so I'm gonna give this another go I
don't know why but I'm gonna try to get
top 3 in codes let alone first place I'm
just trying to get in the top three if I
get that I'll be super happy trying to
join one that hasn't already started
obviously like you would think faze rug
I'd automatically be good or something I
don't know but I guess it's on the skill
and all the username gamertag whatever
it's called alright here we go
grind I have no idea what that map is so
we'll see you um I just want to say on
18,000 subs thank you guys so much
because I was thinking you guys at
10,000 and now literally I don't know
how much longer later I'm at 18,000 and
like all these simple wasn't for you
guys I wouldn't have been there so thank
you guys for watching my videos and I'm
gonna keep making them for you guys I
can't believe that 18,000 bullshit sheer
sensitivities
okay let's go top three in this game
please can bears myself will shit
yeah exactly one week from today's the
Phoenix Suns preseason opener oh shit oh
my god
fuck yeah as I was saying exactly a week
from today into the Phoenix Suns
preseason opener bitch oh sorry I'm
gonna try not to really cut you this
video but it's hard when I'm playing
call of duty what you didn't die okay
yeah okay as I was frickin saying one
week from today the Phoenix Suns
preseason opener war week dude I'm in
the freakin lead four weeks from today's
the regular season opener oh my god like
I would tell you guys how excited I am
but not even words can explain how not
even words can explain how freaking
excited I am I swear like you fuck you
flop emic bagels ice grades killing me
every single time just like that I'm
down so much
oh shit
I fuckin shite Oh headshot just like
Fetty walk would say jeez God die what
the you mother face what the hell how do
you die I'm gonna bring back the scar
age from Walmart line don't - with how
many kills he's don't
did I come with a sent it dude I hate
Call of Duty I don't care if all my
subscribers love called Duty I don't say
this a million times I hate call
I hate call duty bullshit bullshit
cheater
oh I could just camp here
got the fun sweating it's so hot like
dude what's the point of a scent oh shit
I can't I was about to say what's the
point of a semtex that doesn't kill
anyone then I killed him with it okay
I'm down eight kills that's not bad does
this shit go up to 30 or 20 sloppy Nick
Saget killed you you yep you can't get a
hitmarker with a freakin shotgun God
meat this damn game do it it's the same
guy he like has a damn sense that I tell
them where I am
oh my god two kills collateral I think
or a double kill
you killed by myself that's bullshit on
my sentence I'm in third place
I'm Ashley
he's God
oh damn damn it I'm done I'm done
well I killed him I hate this game I'll
say it a million times I hate this game
I hate every call duty ever invented
I don't care and the charges are one and
two I'm trying to uh come up with a
prank together to get rug I feel like
he's due for one oh my god how did he
kill me
oh shit on the fourth place
dude this map honestly is so small or is
it just me
I feel like Tyson Chandler running
around on the court yeah I'm over this
game only I'm never gonna well I've been
gay in the top three but that was way
better than last time how many kills
1800 18 and 14 with two headshots which
pretty much count as 10 kills so you add
another 20 kills to me not bad
well I guess that wasn't too bad once
again thank you guys for watching and
before I end this video I just want to
say a little something I went into my
first set of fans at school yesterday
and that was pretty awesome on they were
two kids I'm really sorry I don't
remember the names I don't remember the
names but it was awesome I mean we
chatted for a little and it was great
and also I am planning on buying 2k and
after reading some reviews I think I'm
gonna get a ps4 another next box one it
might take a while to save up all the
money things are expensive but I do
promise I'll get that and last but not
least if you guys remember I promised
you guys those Q&A with me and phase
drug that never worked out I'm not sure
if it is gonna work out but um we never
had time to do that but I do promise you
leave your questions below or tweet to
me my twitter is in the description for
myself and not promised to do you guys a
few a sometime this week just leave your
questions below or tweet them to me I'll
try to get all of them I don't know if I
could but I promised you guys a Q&A and
yeah once again thing that's for 18,000
subs
hopefully it keeps growing and you guys
want to keep in touch my Twitter
Instagram whatever you need snapchats in
the description below peace
