what's new football Sunday
and what if time was just started
that's three penalties on San Diego in
about five minutes we've got three
penalties and already burned a time out
what a great start right that how does
Rivers throw the ball dad what are you
doing today
ranking all wrong my dad literally can't
get enough of painting he painted my
room first Brian's room and now this
room every Sunday for the last three
weeks paint Bosley stop eating the
boxers
that felt good boggling
the process
Bosley are you not gonna help you live
in this house you eat food you drink
water you don't pay bills you don't help
out when my dad is cleaning the room
you're a waste of space Bosley
well time to go to gym time to go to the
gym
the Chargers played like fucking trash
today and I'm not gonna sit and waste my
time watching that those last 10 minutes
I mean we're down 31 seven with about 2
million penalties in one game that cost
us like 900 yards and our offensive line
I'm just gonna put it this way for all
you charger fans who say Rivers is shit
have you seen our offensive line we give
him
I'd say zero point two seconds for every
single throw he's getting pressured and
rushed every single play but I'm over
that the Chargers lose 1 and 2 also I
want you guys's opinions on because you
guys know I say this a bunch of times
almost every video I don't play video
games but thinking about buying 2k which
would also require me to buy an xbox one
cuz I don't have a video game system if
you guys are into that and would watch
videos that I would make playing NBA 2k
then I'll do it but if not leave it in
the comments so I don't waste my money
but yet
if you guys are interested and you guys
watch me playing NBA 2k I'm not sure
quick games career mode I don't even
know what it is but I mean tell me I'll
go buy an Xbox one go by 2k and put up
some videos for you guys let's see the
progress so far dad on camera Wow
so one wall already done read that are
you going to start doing bookings for
paintings a lot of my fans say that they
want you to paint their rooms
I know what hard work real quick
thoughts on the Chargers game do videos
coach what about the quarterback cold uh
you need to know who the ball like did
we're not going anywhere and I think so
it's official
according to my dad week three is done
and the charges are done for the season
dad it's ok NBA training camp starts
tomorrow
please season next week regular season
in four weeks well sucks well my dad cuz
the Lakers aren't going anywhere either
so he has to deal with the charges and
the Lakers I do feel bad for my dad
though cuz we're both charger fans so we
got a deal with the struggling star 1 &
2 and the team just looking shitty but I
got something to look forward to when
NBA starts I got the Phoenix Suns to
look forward to Eric Bledsoe Brandon
Knight Tyson Chandler PJ Tucker TJ
Warren Devin Booker I mean he's a Laker
fan so what does he have to look forward
to feel bad for him
I say to us okay think
Randee mother fucker straight to the
shower for rug Congrats on 900k thank
you guys all right now I'm on my way to
meet up with Brian and my cousin Amanda
we are about to go to my other cousin
Clint's house yes I have more family
that you guys haven't met um he's my
older cousin he's like 26 27 and he just
bought his first place so we're gonna go
check it out and I'm gonna bring you
guys along for the trip I have
that guy just saw me talking probably
thinks I'm crazy but us I swear I have
like I have a bunch of cousins it's
crazy
I have I'd say like 8 million that live
in this city rug Amanda why am I sitting
in the back seat moving in it we're
looking for Clint's house right now
let's say hi oh well that brendan is my
cousin clan he loves me I love him he
used to be my gym buddy before him hit
away and your babysitter and my
babysitter when I was younger so I guess
clint's dumps also bad and he needs a
incense what is this lamp cards against
humanity' five rounds in a row I won
today we're making rice white rice a
little bit of yellow rice what is what
did you just say would happen on another
controller
oh the destruct is right to the truth of
the story he would beat me at the game
get up and like stupid and like beat him
up in the door all right we love you
I tell ya I guess what buddy instead
came back home buzzing see how far my
dad is gone
dad you're done okay so I didn't know my
dad was gonna be done dad it looks nice
yes it's not better than my sons one but
nice Oh sexy what's up you guys Monday
morning I'm freaking happy because
Phoenix Suns Media Day is going on and
if you guys are unaware of the situation
Markieff Morris spent all summer bashing
the sons organization talking trash on
them saying he won't ever play another
game for the sons again you know just
demanding trades here and there he also
ignored all the all the phone calls from
Phoenix Suns players Phoenix Suns front
office members he pretty much like just
trashed the organization all summer
media day which was today is his first
time interacting with the team ever
since last season so um everyone was
wondering how this was gonna end up
Markieff Morris shows up and he says I
want to be here he says he wants to put
everything behind him he wants to put
everything in the past he doesn't even
want to talk about the summer he said
I'm glad to be back with my teammates
I'm glad to be back with my team I'm
freaking so happy because although
Markieff Morris talked so much trash on
the Suns and begged to leave the team
and I'll admit there were times where I
hated him like which Suns fan wouldn't
hate him but at the same time as you
could see I even wrote an article last
month while the suns need to keep
Markieff Morris he's such an important
piece to the team and now I mean like he
was the only question mark we have point
guards we have shooting art senator
Tyson Chandler said all we needed was
this power forward position kind of
answered and the fact that Markieff
Morris wants to stay man I'm so happy
like who knew Markieff Morris had a
little bit of professionalism in him he
came out man I'm so happy I knew it I
knew he just because he has a bunch of
best friends on the team
Eric Bledsoe PJ Tucker those are close
friends to him so aren't you good
so he got with them and I guess they
like I saw him smiling which you would
have never thought based on the things
he said
so Markieff Morris welcome back the
Phoenix Suns are officially on track for
next season and this kid right here
cannot wait
