okay guys so today I'm gonna be pranking
my mom and dad
on separate phone calls where I'm going
to be telling them that I'm in jail and
I believe this pranks going to be a
little believable because growing up I
was always a little worse and Brian was
so my parents are gonna fall for this
and I'm pretty sure my mom is going to
have the worst reaction but I'm gonna
get my dad with this too so I'm not sure
exactly what the storyline is going to
be but I'm just going to tell my mom and
dad I did something figure that out
later and I can jail now oh yeah I'm
also gonna be sneaking some Kellyanne an
earwig just to make it more believable
because so I try to get my mom whenever
so I'm just gonna go with on
I had told I was going to come to the
mall with my cousin and I'm gonna go
with the story that that was just an
excuse and I went to my friend's house
and they were all smoking weed drinking
snorting some lines of code just doing
all this shit like a tribe house and
that the cops pulled up
and now I'm going to shitload of trouble
um you do other nothing um wait okay
before you get mad I already called my
dad and okay you went in the back of a
cop car okay mom they're letting me do
one called they're not gonna call you
because I'm not a minor anymore it
wasn't with me memorize told you I was
gonna go to the mall with Anthony um the
little French house Dede and I I wasn't
doing anything but they were just like
doings they will be autumn like other
stuff and the cops came and I wasn't
doing anything and and just go down
there and did like no they're saying
that on I'm gonna go to jail unless
someone bails me out mom no mom they're
letting me get one phone call while I'm
hold on needed beside hold on
scholarly p11 cops happy the real
friends how the other bandana up no no
he's not a friend because he's speaking
ha Sina bleeding downtown food the $300
for bail I wasn't my friends were they
won't talk because I'm not a minor I
told them to call you because I didn't
want to talk to you
he I never met up with Anthony mom I
don't I really like I don't even want
you to come get me like to come bail me
out
no I I'm not I didn't do anything they
were they were smoking weed biscaia and
the lot come on no they took I have 40
more seconds four minutes
well I'm not there yet like it's after
you bail me out I don't think anything
goes on my record or anything
okay mom I smoked a little bit cause my
mom said she's gonna kill me tonight for
real oh my god I'm at the mall I just
bought four shirts that might be worse
than going to jail I bought for sure
okay bye
okay you guys so as you could tell I
freaking got my really good she was
crying she was screaming um I told you
guys I had to speak some Arabic cuz uh I
don't know if you noticed but in the
phone call my hair she said my brother
said mom maybe it's a prank and she said
no he's speaking Arabic so that's
exactly why I X I'm gonna call my dad
I'm just waiting on my dad it's dying
here my dad's dodging half as big as a
reaction as my mom did but uh yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed that when I was
dying
my mom just texted me saying believe me
I was going to die thank God it's a joke
okay you guys so I warned you that my
dad was not really gonna have a reaction
uh cuz you know he's at work he's busy
and not just that but he's just way more
like mellow than my mom is but his
reaction was actually so non caring that
I don't even want to put it in I mean
this is my outro um telling you guys why
not a drop a like and subscribe but I
kind of want to put it in just for a
joke because I think my dad didn't care
because he always tells me he says if
your friends are doing something stupid
you don't do it as well like let them do
it you don't do it I think he cared but
him being at a store in front of his
customers and just him like thinking I'm
so stupid for doing whatever I did kind
of made him like hate me but imma show
you guys a little bit of his part I got
my mom really good now let's see my dad
he's at work he's I kind of feel bad but
let's see
your call has been forwarded to dad
eight fun what the hell yeah rank for
five seconds so that means he ignored me
let me try this again
your call has been forwarded even huh
Oh cave my dad doesn't answer this
I'm going to hell
Oh dad I got in trouble with my friends
and since with the cause
I'm not home
oh my god
you I'm in the back of the car police
they on I didn't do anything
friends didi they were doing stuff and
the cops came I know I
but do I tell my mom oh okay dad it's a
joke
then you smoke it's a joke and you're
supposed to have more of a reaction
because you're my dad
he said he's not gonna have a reaction
because there were people in line upper
limit okay so so there wasn't a line at
your store then you would be sad or
scared thank you like I said my dad was
not gonna have a bigger reaction as my
mom is going to I mean I was telling my
parents I'm in jail crane I got my mom
really good and I know I got my dad but
he just doesn't like to show it
