okay so dayquil wasn't really doing his
job
so I'm switching over to claritin my
brother had these when he was sick and
they made him feel better super quick so
I'm gonna start taking DS Bosley you
want some Bob Bosley going to school now
damn I think I really forgot how to walk
I swear you guys saw my list earlier my
Phoenix Suns countdown four days until
training camp this Monday thirteen days
until preseason next Wednesday but 34
days until the regular season starts
yeah preseason and training camp is nice
and all but regular season opener at
home against the Mavs October 28th
Wednesday it's in four weeks in six days
34 more days I wanted really back to go
to Phoenix for that game but I have
school and it's on a Wednesday and I
don't think I could miss those classes
on
man I wish I erased one day every single
day of getting closer and closer and I
freakin cannot wait
and under attack one class down one to
go
I swear you can't ride this thing at
school without everyone coming up to you
okay so I just left school I'm meeting
up with my good friend Odell Beckham jr.
again we're bout to grab some food so I
was in school today and my mom sends me
a picture of this saying hey Brandon
this was under your car
I felt something when I left to school
today I felt a little something under my
tires I went out and I said I thought it
was a snake and those think of me a
chill I swear to god I cannot careful
okay so apparently I killed a lizard on
accident
oh shit balls ran after to dip this
gardener guy
tell my little cousin here Olivia Hollis
my grandma hye-young
did you try getting on the hoverboard go
you can shout out your friends and
Octavia let's see all of you guys
watching what is it yeah I like the
music I don't like the challenge okay so
really quick you guys thank you guys so
much for 10,000 subscribers wait
actually I just checked it it's ten
point two K ten thousand two hundred
subscribers thank you guys so much
because um I just made my channel like
three or four months ago there is no way
I was expecting this like there's no way
the fact that it's grown so fast it's
just crazy and you guys keep watching my
videos so I'm gonna keep making them I
try to put out a video every single day
but I go to college full time I write
articles on feybelle covering the
Phoenix Suns and I try to squeeze in at
least two hours of gym time every single
day it's not more so it's kind of hard
to do daily uploads I do promise to put
out six videos a week it's not seven
that I'll put out six yeah I still can't
believe that all the positive feedback
you guys might not think I see it I see
all the comments all the positive
comments I try to reply to all of them I
also see the insanely high amount of
likes and the really low number of
dislikes I mean all that support
it's just crazy so I'm gonna take you
guys for that also some shoutouts
shoutouts shoutouts shoutouts it wasn't
for him I don't even know if I would
have wanted to do you to shout out my
dog Bosley Bosley I love you shout out
my cousin Jessica Amanda Mandy
Anthony and chanel Stephanie shout out
my best friend Lawrence Odell Beckham
jr.
shout out my future wife Jackie you're
beautiful I don't even know she's gonna
see this what if you do stay beautiful
shout out eric bledsoe shout out Phoenix
Suns shout out we can any player who
plays or has ever played for the Phoenix
Suns shout out my college teachers shout
out Drake steady walk shout out future
anyone who's watching this video right
now shout out to you guys how about that
now I'm gonna tell you guys what I'm
doing for ten thousand subscribers I've
seen the comments from you guys saying
oh you know your basketball you know
your stats but can you play so this
previous season being rug we're on the
same team and we won the championship so
what i'ma do I've pulled some highlights
out from that season and I'm gonna put
them in a compilation of my plays and
I'm gonna put them together for you guys
to watch the one downside is that the
quality is terrible these were recorded
off the phone from someone's computer I
mean I wish I could go back in time and
have a camera recording and just upload
it straight to my computer but I don't
this is the best I could do so for the
first time on my channel you're gonna
see me play basketball and I think I'm
gonna surprise the two people if you see
similarities to Eric Bledsoe in my game
I mean we train with each other all the
time so his game kind of wore off on me
you know
so there you guys have it like I said we
won the championship I know I surprised
a few people with my game don't lie you
know I did I so yeah I mean 10,000
subscribers again thank you guys all and
hopefully I'll be making another video
like this for 50 100k maybe even a
million one day
