are you waiting for Brian
I swear Bosley and Brian are dating
well at least Bosley has a thing for
Brian
he won't he won't go anywhere unless
Brian gets up first
so yeah going back to the gym today
after school I'm gonna leave to school
right now come back around 2:00 or 2:30
and then go to the gym so I'm excited I
don't know if it's mental or it's
actually true but I look in the mirror
and like I see myself getting smaller
and I just like I'm bored so I'm just
gonna lift lightly
try not to sway I don't know how that's
gonna work out
that post-school burrito
oh we were about to go to face drugs
house and we just met they just met me
my friends fans we fun
I have fun meeting rug ok bye
so yeah I'm pulling out on my cul-de-sac
to go to the gym and these two boys
start waving and like kind of running
towards my car so I opened the window
they were like oh we watch all your
videos blah blah so I told them that my
brother was home so on they went to my
house they're gonna beat my brother and
I put them in my vlog so that was pretty
cool
my first fans but no and there's a bunch
of people who are asking me why do you
love if my camera we can fall one more
time people ask me why do you look more
you know so much I don't
it's just that was lifting I'm trying to
put on some weight like 5 to 10 pounds
so I just try to eat a lot of like
fattening food and obviously a burrito I
try to eat one every day that's why I'm
sick and tired of them like like
burritos yes have I had enough phlegm
yes I do not want to any more burritos
but you gotta keep doing it but yeah so
I'm on my way to the gym right now first
time in a week
why was I happy today Oh Brandon was
happy because he won and work out a
little how am I feeling you don't want
to know
can't you hear it in my voice I know
Bosley you see your hand
did you see Brian
where we going to our cousin Amanda's
house about it go to our cousin Amanda
in Mandy's house when Mikey knows where
do I look in this done guys how good
does my brother looking at some meal
I think Blaziken looks better mm-hmm try
to find my keys I say we do my keys okay
bye dad
nice body you guys have met Mandy and uh
in that barbecue at my place video
everyone was commenting that she was
good-looking so I'm sure you guys will
be happy to see her again Amanda I'm not
sure if she's been in any of my videos
yeah well the people you guys are about
to see are trying to take raagh away
from me they're trying to get him to
move in with them we're not a hundred
percent sure rugby's and a hundred
percent sure but it might happen so the
people you're meeting could be rugs new
roommate
basketball court lucky there's no one
there so I don't have to ball anyone out
a tennis court lucky there's no one
there to so I don't have to go Serena
Williams on everyone's ass you know why
you didn't tell her come here
so word stuck outside and we don't know
if anyone's home Bryant the lights are
closed yeah but I thought you at least
told a min no like we run away or
something
I should have bought my basketball shot
around while we waited so yeah there's
rug vlogging Mike so one of my cousins
is at school
oh shit the gym there's like four
machines but yeah one of my cousin's is
at school and the other one we don't
know where she's at so we're just stuck
walking around right now check out some
of that new Fetty jug sup amenda hey
guys this is Jessica and Mandy's sister
Jessica's the youngest Mandy's the
oldest and here's the middle child and
the best one Yeah right my way Mandy's
there
everyone having good things to say about
you from the barbecue video what's good
