what's up you guys I don't know if you
guys could tell but my voice god it got
so much worse like and I'm about to go
to school now I'm not going to talk to
anybody nobody no one should hear me
like this um but yeah I just got myself
a breakfast burrito um gotta go home eat
that go to school I got a haircut
appointment after yeah I eat outside way
too much I just got myself a breakfast
burrito now after school um I'll go out
to eat with my best friend Lawrence
hopefully I live till the age of 40 I'm
hoping but yeah I just want to give a
huge shout-out to Fetty WAP and Chris
Brown French Montana for making my voice
like this
shoutout to all you guys especially if
any of that fat burrito from Cote Hans
rug rug is also gonna die from fast food
mmm
how much how much time do you fast food
a week I
for me it's everyday like I don't every
day mine I cut it down to like one
search by Sunday
I'm just joking
it's that ripoff nyquil you can't they
gave us a real ass mixtape the least we
could do is buy some real nyquil nah but
really about to take some medicine some
sick I don't know what this is for but
I'll take a couple of dozen spoons of
this
so I just got home from school and I
have no idea what's going on at my house
look Bodley stop barking at the guy what
did I say in my last video that Bosley
barks at random people they're here to
bring in rugs new bed hey Mon yeah rug
got a new bed and they're bringing it in
and Bosley's waiting at the door Bosley
what are you gonna do today
oh yeah there's rugs old bed new bed
coming in Oh
Brian nice bed yeah yeah
oh shit Brian's right here obviously so
there's rugs old bed his new one they
gotta bring in the mattress this is nice
it's nice though rug almost 19 years old
and just got his first full bed I know
so I'm about to meet up with my homie
Lawrence right now get some food
you guys might recognize him number 13
wide receiver for the New York Giants
first-round pick last year he's uh he's
most known for that catch one-handed
catch in the end zone you guys will see
you'll know him he's bigger in New York
but a ton of people know him down here
too
Odell Beckham
Hodel without you it is me nice shoes
ones you can do yeah let me hear your
voice - goes pretty bad can forgot your
corn mine if I started eating so guess
what it is
I know it looks good
okay Lawrence time to go get my hair cut
by Brandon SIA SIA Oh BJ
yeah Lawrence used to live right next to
me like one minute away then he moved to
Temecula like an hour with it's like
almost an hour I'm time Barbara Shaw
a best barber shop in Mira Mesa trust me
if you ever in town primetime barber
shop okay so everyone says that when I
get a haircut since I get custo often I
get cut every single week that they
can't even tell I get cut so I want you
guys opinion here's me before my haircut
okay I don't know and then I'll show you
guys after my haircut I can see a
difference but everyone says they can't
all my truhair cutters whatever you want
to call it you guys would be able to see
a difference so yeah I finished my cut I
mean a simple fade I kind of trimmed the
top two on the sides and I skinned the
back and sideburns on the kind of fell
in love with my hoverboard though that
was the whole the main topic of
conversation with my luck's board but
yeah I'm telling you guys I don't even
have to check in the mirror anymore cuz
I know it'll come out fresh I got all
the Barbra trying out my board can you
do it again I'll go do it again I can
see the eyes man I'm good bro yeah
there's no she oh shit I like this one
too
we're going this way yeah don't turn it
this way hey nice ears don't want to
hurt her tomorrow no no gotta leave
yourselves alright I got it I got you
knock it down oh there you go how do you
an S low
shit hey hey got a guy waiting on him in
the chair - dad do you like my haircut
yeah what a nice but what do you think
I'm me getting haircuts every week
stupid why people don't get well don't
thing in you to do it every other week
dad if I get a haircut every two weeks I
like I wouldn't leave the house for the
second week of that span I have a good
month you you get six times a year I get
fifty two times a year now you're
learning your pocket true holds plain
like this tonight
rug just brought home where's your
camera it's broken wait really rope yes
it it won't like record I don't know why
