dad who's winning today yeah as since
ep2 I know plans to start - enough ba
Glee Oh who's winning today look at your
eye booger man Andy Dalton so lucky he
has AJ Green
could you guys imagine if Dalton didn't
have AJ Green past few seasons so the
charger is just force sensitive fumble
and the Chargers recovered and I turn
off the TV upstairs come downstairs and
turns out the Chargers fumbled in
themselves that's the second turnover of
the game it's the first quarter that the
reason I'm scared
the Bengals are gonna win is because
it's not a playoff game because you know
Dalton you can't win in the playoffs Oh
regular season game no pressure
Andy Dalton does fine playoff playoffs
don't even put him in the game
charger fans remember the days of Ryan
Matthews past few seasons every single
run he gave us like two or three yards
let me introduce you guys to melvin
gordon i swear that every single time we
give him the ball he produces look eight
rush 65 yards us while all the momentum
was going the bengals way manti te'o
forces a fumble and at our returns it
for a touchdown
they're so reviewing it but what do you
think
fumble
oh my god he was tucking it into his
chest to get sad oh that's bullshit he
was look he was tucking it in preparing
for the sack right there
King so red charges just got a touchdown
now they're going for two rivers through
40 yards to Malcom Floyd
okay the Chargers got the stop they
should get the ball back with about a
minute 20 a minute ten let's see if
fragrance that work is magic so if you
have to know the Chargers ended up
losing on 2419 with a little over a
minute left perfect setting for the
Chargers comeback
Rivers completes one one throw and the
next row gets picked off so on oh no
they got outplayed easily since he
outplayed them they didn't deserve to
win they put themself in a position to
him but they didn't deserve to win if
this was the Suns loss I'd be bawling my
eyes on right now dad your thoughts on
the Chargers game no no same thing as
last year and before and the past 10
years
Bosley
make such a mess when you eat come here
Bosley so you want to come in here eat
my peanut butter and then wait out the
door so you could get out so you pretty
much just use me for peanut butters
okay are you guys ready to see the
famous pug head tilt loudly you want to
go in the car or do you want some peanut
butter actually I think you want to go
for a walk or do you want to go buy your
friend jr. or Amanda or you just want
some beef jerky or any other kind of
treat you don't mind but you don't want
to go in the car to go to Petco right
give me five mom why am I depressed
Rogers depressed because he hasn't been
to the gym for almost four days no this
no this is five days sorry oh my god
dinosaur day and he look to talk about
it yeah I haven't played basketball or
workout face oh yeah Brendan if he
doesn't go to the gym five days I'm
gonna try to go tomorrow but my mom's
making me some guacamole she just went
to the store and bought avocado tomato
lime cilantro do not use this on here
okay where's the chips mom the Chargers
lost I know we thought so now I'm just
like yeah because we did oh well some
season starts in a little over three
weeks Oh mom what
I've had this for almost a month now and
my mom has never tried it what this yeah
why not remember so you think I should
home in my cooking channel up let's see
how that turns out first of all you guys
over here don't worry just couple more
days
ready
okay Rachael Ray
Oh mom have you seen the video of the
guy like on the board and he flips
backwards
oh no sup everybody watching her that's
why you want to get is my plate done yep
not making some salsa - thanks
Basel you barely give me enough room
we're missing something brother
what the bottle of Corona oh dang get my
hopes up Bosley's too vicious around
random people you should just the other
day he ran after the what was it that
you
yeah the Phoenix guy he pretended he was
Bosley you can't do that I think
everybody in my tattoo video was asking
me what that tattoo was my first tattoo
okay the first word is who first word
right here is my mom's name they're not
Sanaa uh-huh the second word is my dad's
name and in the middle of the wedding
ring so but how about something happen
well that's what I'm saying
this pretty much means you guys can't
divorce yeah yeah so I got this because
pretty much guarantee they're not gonna
get divorced but if they do there are
some options dad either you meet someone
named sana mom you meet someone named
Roy Fett it's not enough or you cut my
arm off all the sounds but there's no
much are you guys joking or no just so I
know if my tattoo was a good idea dad
yeah my first tattoo like all like a
month I mean a year and a half ago and I
need to get it touched up because it
used to look way nicer the ring the
diamond used to stand out way more it
would like a light blue crystal silver
and now it's just like fading I need to
get it touched up super I feel like shit
right now that loss voiced turned into
like a sore throat
I just feel like I'm in sake it's like
and it's almost like 95 degrees right
now
so anyways there's one more hour until
that mixed eight drops what a time to be
alive
doing my camera keeps form oh yeah 5:00
p.m. or a p.m. Eastern 5 p.m. where I'm
at also tomorrow me and rug are doing a
Q&A so if you guys have any questions
for that Q&A drop them below in the
comments for me rugs both of us will try
to answer all of them but I'm pretty
sure we're going to get a lot but uh
either drop them in the comments below
or tweet them to me my twitter is in the
description and that should be fun I
can't wait to see what questions you
guys come up with dude if my camera
moves one more time I'm never recording
in my car again
Bombur
so yeah Q&A tomorrow's watched an either
tweet them to me or leave them in the
comments below
Road Q&A tomorrow yeah fussing okay so
the mixtape just jobs do not have to
download it
my cousin Anthony were testing you know
being saying may I wanna suck when they
throw it the name Abraham whatever it
you got views from the 6 coming next
week from Drake
you got that Fetty WAP deluxe album
coming next week um I mean it's a good
month for music I guess it feels like it
feels like it's futures album and he's
kind of carrying drink but they mesh
well so it's all good yeah I think for
me the best songs are uh big Green's
for sure I love big rigs already uh I'm
the plug which I'm listening to right
now and then probably jump man those are
my three favorite but you developed new
favorite songs the more you listen to it
auto hammer go to school tomorrow I just
feel like singing and listening to this
all day now I'm just joking but um Drake
it's kind of laying off the emotional
side I mean I thought I was going to be
listening to this with my codeine and my
phone in the other hand calling all my
exes but uh Drake's kind of laying off
that that lean both your tread really
trying to push it onto some people if
you like me and you ain't got no a lean
or coating on you I guess some nyquil
will you until you get your hands on
some I'm just joking I know people are
gonna come and be like dude that's so
bad for you I'm just playing it's a joke
future Drake it's a joke so yeah all
those rumors mixtape it is real and it's
here everything's official my thoughts
on all this
hey guys welcome to my box y'all
remember should know from my other video
I came to visit her because I'm bored I
make him visit me at work when I do
cards um I also brought the beats pill
check this out I'm gonna get the parking
lot turnt up on a Sunday night at 10
p.m.
man what it's a bit where's everyone at
sleeping turn down wanna come with me
I'm doing the most right now middle of a
parking lot on a Lux board with the
beats pill I'm I love rain this mixtape
myself
do your work the future you're about to
get fired I swear
