okay you guys so I just woke up and the
first thing I noticed was my voice it's
like it's gone from the concert huh I'm
sure you guys could tell like not my
normal voice so fuzzy sup you guys
almost 1 o'clock here in San Diego on a
Saturday and it's about about 90 degrees
it's hot um I just read earlier today
that the Drake and future mixtape drops
tomorrow and I think it's 5 p.m.
Drake confirmed to himself and then
future confirmed it later on Twitter so
it is real it is official and I'm pretty
happy about that it was supposed to come
out last week was supposed to come out a
couple days ago a bunch of rumors but
they actually confirmed it themselves
today so I'm happy I still have not been
to the gym this is gonna be my fifth day
and because of my tattoo it's so like
starting to peel in so pretty tie-in
source so I'm not trying to lift weights
right now
I'm telling you guys right now that the
last time I didn't go to the gym
I just saw my aunt driving so that's
kind of weird
burn my hand
okay yeah as I was saying the last time
I didn't go to the gym for five days in
the road
honestly I'd say like maybe three years
ago it's weird I'm just at home and I'm
just like waiting like oh the time to go
to the gym and I remember oh I can't go
today so I'm gonna go to my cousin
Anthony's house right now he's making a
video with rug I didn't do something
possible no you guys will see it on his
channel speaking of videos yeah I'm sure
you guys watch the video of me and
Anthony the say anything challenge where
he have to drink that smoothie
I love dying that was so funny I just
realized that the whole family's home
Anthony's older sister's Chanel his
younger sister Stephanie and their mom
and they haven't seen my tattoo yet and
you guys might be saying oh what's the
big deal
well unfit Alicia and in my culture
tattoos are a pretty big deal no one
really gets them my feet my relatives
were pretty upset about the one I got on
my inner arm so I want to see how they
react to this one we'll see I rang the
doorbell three times and I knocked on
the door nobody answered but I hear them
in there so I try the garage
hello wait now this is going on your
YouTube what do you think it's nice like
what's nice about it for the flowers in
the booth well Brandon has been talking
about getting a tattoo for like the past
month and I don't believe him because
it's such a big deal if you get it to do
cuz middle-eastern parents will murder
us see like a dot of marker we actually
have gotten in trouble for like writing
and pen on our hand or merely writing
yeah so I didn't believe him but when I
saw it
hey he didn't guys we like it yeah I
like it
her mom's not a fan of future she know
how much was this this was only $25 from
the Big Lots can you tell I'm losing my
boys from the concert
how do you like how do you like it
Steph I got something to say basic do
you know how many girls I saw at the
concert with okay you're nervous I know
it's not a flannel yours as well
addendum whatever okay
I saw literally they were like I'd say
thousands of people at the concert there
was like thousands of people at the
concert I saw like four million of them
wearing a flannel on their waist am i
holding it like I'm gonna shoot it it's
scar-h
the thing I use in my other video
raagh playing one-on-one perfect
competition for him the show you wanna
ride this say something tell me he
doesn't look like a young a young Tony
Romo Clayton Kershaw
is your career YouTube or MLB Cheers
okay Jake Peavy shout out any of your
friends right now are you gonna link
them this video okay do you have
anything to say to them or just their
names
Oh Steph is that the funniest vine ever
the one of the guy who's like riding
towards his life or something and he
freakin flips backwards
okay now that I'm home I'm gonna tell
you guys a quick story really quick on
um on Wednesday I was scheduled to have
a math test I'm a journalism major I'm
done with English I'm really good at
English math on the other hand no I
don't I struggle with math so um on
Wednesday morning I set my alarm for 6
a.m. and I woke up really early like
pretty much studied I the test at 11:30
and I studied like 4 hours straight
before the test
my brain was freakin dead and uh
I get the class and like the teachers in
there and we're just like waiting and
after a couple of minutes we see like
some guy walk cane with a suitcase raw
like what the heck well bought it turns
out my teacher quit randomly like
without telling anybody he quit we got a
new teacher the new teacher came in and
that's that there was no test like and
we just learned like we reviewed there's
gonna be a test on either Monday or
Wednesday but oh my gosh I got so lucky
like how the math gods were right here
all my shoulders I got so lucky like my
teacher quit the day of the 10th I'm you
couldn't take a smile off my face for
the rest of the class it was so funny
okay guys so to end my vlog I just have
a couple things to say first off I want
to say what a time to be alive
Drake and future mixtape draw up soon
and I can't wait like I'm super excited
for that like I mentioned earlier in my
video second thing it's a commercial now
but Chargers game starts in ten minutes
I also can't wait for that they're
playing in Cinci I think since he has
only lost at home too
in the past two years so um it's gonna
be a tough there's gonna be tough but
the charges will start off to a note I
can't hurt any in any way third last but
not least I think you guys are gonna
love this so if you're watching
throughout the 12 vlog and all the way
till the end you guys obviously deserve
to be rewarded so as a reward me and rug
want your guys's opinions would you guys
show up if we did a fan me and greet
I mean we've wanted to do it we just
don't know how many people would show up
so on if you're in the San Diego area
where you live around there and you
would be willing to come down to San
Diego for a meet-and-greet just comment
what you guys just comment like if you
guys would and me and rug would
definitely do it I don't see anything
wrong with that he doesn't either
also um if you guys live in Phoenix or
Arizona early January me and my brother
are gonna go to a son's game over there
so uh if you guys live there and are
interested in January then leave a
comment also but most importantly if
you're in San Diego just let us know
because we'll will definitely do it we
just need to know if you guys would come
through if that's a yes then why not I
don't see why not
by the way I can't even believe I have
to address this issue but some people
are just crazy let me just put it out
there when I say something like Philip
Rivers is the greatest quarterback in
NFL history or Eric Bledsoe is the
greatest player in the NBA or I say
something like oh the Lakers suck
whoever plays for the Lakers is garbage
if you guys can't tell that I'm just
joking then I'm sorry I don't even know
if I could like speak any more of my
videos I get a bunch of comments saying
lol Philip Rivers is not even Baba dude
you guys like that it's just a sense of
humor like I know but and also like
people getting all defensive about oh
the Chargers so blah blah yo all the
Suns I'm a Suns fan right here
my heart is 99
% Suns and that 1% is for the Chargers I
love my Chargers but I'm not gonna get
like you know in an argument about
football but if you say talk about my
sons it's game over you don't want to do
that
