you should already that's close no no
over there over there brother
bridge a little more cuz like I don't
know we're bringing that no I don't care
wearing masks and gloves like you're
about to die what are you guys okay
everyone today I'm here with fake drug
wait Brian I can't do this no this is
hard to breathe but I have to okay so
can I take mine off
I guess so go just go for those who
don't know I have the flu and a
bronchitis so like a chisel I know but
we're brothers you're supposed to love
me today me and my brother are going to
be doing an awkward truth or dare and we
got all these truths and dances that
right from you guys so wait does not
work with the gloves
oh it's usually doesn't not the touch ID
door opening love's are these leaving
work I know
wait guys look out but my nose looks in
the mask Brian you think you're big hold
on
Brian get ready I ask you my nose is so
big it ripped the deer man
so let's get this video started a new
other dare you want to dare at the store
and hit me with a crazy one see this is
why I respect Brian yeah no you guys go
hot okay you wanna start Brian yeah I'm
gonna need to be walking this way for
you to start with oh yeah are you gonna
tell me it oh you want to know before we
do it so um what's the thing that you
use one like you'd have a girl over but
like you're not trying to get her
pregnant just gonna have some fun it's
kind of the same feeling as of this if
you want to use those yeah so on how
about the other safe side yeah you only
on the safe side
oh so there's like neighbors around here
and I'm sure some of them might have
some so like would you want to ask them
if they have any like a latex for you
tomorrow right yeah because you
see them again I live here so dear
number one Brandon dares Brian to ask
the neighbors if he could borrow some
rubbers okay Brian let's go let's go
legit I think I'm more scared to even
film this than you are does I'd be more
scared to film it Brian I think they're
gonna like be like what the hell is this
masked man zombie asking for condoms
how nervous are you Brian how about this
room right here yeah yeah let's just do
it guys what time is it like 11:00 p.m.
here crazy
six and a half hours later why don't you
hit the doorbell one time I think if you
want to know who actually has condoms
they're probably gonna be awake at this
time if they do sorry
oh wait a sniff they're Magnum coz you
need the big ones I'm just joking just
take them in leap just take them in what
kind
oh that's a good I swear that's a good
kind you said good for you so do you
want to actually put that to use for
should we just like let it waste or what
a nice guy honestly I wish you could
show him on camera but yo shout-out to
you bro these friends they get as bad as
Brandon and I don't want to risk it
because it's almost Christmas I want to
do that - Brian it's bad
okay Brian I have a deer but watch out
wait but this dare I'm gonna get sick
from it listen if you started up with a
crazy deer I want you to hit me right
back with a crazy dance just like you
listen I thought of this but like now
that I remember that I'm sick I don't
know if I want to do it okay I know it
includes like saliva like kissing
something and it probably does it it
does does it can you lick my foot
I sure can really you're gonna lick my
fault take them all I guess hold on guys
question can I get sick from him licking
my foot that licks my tongue this isn't
on the tongue this is tongue to toe you
guys my new Nike auf wieder I need
sevens
sorry sorry oh wait you're wearing the
mouth
yeah it's really sweaty okay bring it up
it's so hot okay oh my god the big guys
sorry for this wait come on what's
really that bad ah that was worse for me
honestly right you know the truth ya
know with some true started out with two
crazy dares so like let's just imagine
going to Jamba Juice and instead of
ordering a fruit smoothie you talk oh
can I get
that's what that tasted like what the
hell who else would lick my foot come on
let's be honest
lolly better oh speaking of moly
no so you wanted the truth
right this is a truth for the both of us
okay they said Brian I am C okay like
we're not we're not David I never I
think me and Molly are dating but like
we don't know like we're like figuring
it out there in the confusing state yeah
okay so Brian and Molly are not dating
what I date Molly um the answer to that
like I mean Molly you know she's cute
and she's a really good woman you know
great personality honey not like that
yeah the body's cool but her personality
was say yeah yeah oh you know her hair
and like the way she speaks and like man
oh yeah just like her personality
yeah person I like the body fine
whatever it's in this I don't think I
would date her just because like you
know she's yours like she's a cool
person I'll definitely be friends
they're like watching some game and
stuff like I can't do the question flips
now you know flips the question flips
Brian would you date Jackie you can see
the smile on my face
Brian listen no but like why see this is
pretend you don't answer you just
answered a math question that says
please show your work and you just gave
a one number the answer please show you
how my teacher to always know that I'm
cheating exactly so show your work okay
explain why your answer wasn't no okay
like Jackie she's a really nice girl and
like she's honestly pretty her
personality is nice and stuff but if she
never dated you yes I would date Jackie
but the fact that she even he dated you
and like look you guys were a thing I
would never ever even think about it you
know oh really
yeah damn you're a good brother
I would never do that but like you're
saying if you and her had never talked
to her again nervous but I just saw her
yeah oh yeah what are you talking about
okay okay
one more truth before going back to the
Diaz oh fuck I forgot about the damn
what did you say onto Bosley Oh Bosley
you know you have something wrong with
like he doesn't deserve he doesn't I
deserve to get sick Bosley doesn't so we
asked you know if you would de jakke or
5:00 a.m. all right how about this
Brandon if you were a girl would you
date Brian and Brian if you're good so
I'll go first
Oh Brandon if you're a girl would you
date Brian come on obvious I mean do you
have a shovel that's gold because I
would go shoes no no but on the real
because I thought the gold Digga of
course all day Brian but let's act like
a normal girl I mean why would I not be
fun that's what I'm saying
yeah like okay he's nice he has manners
he's a family man he plays basketball
he's freaking like he looks right let me
just tell you about looks hello big nose
big ears skinny like he's perfect
why would I say no no hey my dad I'm gay
listen you don't do much no I uh
oh why oh okay so I don't want to date
someone that be more obsessed with a
basketball team that mean you know what
I can tell yeah but like I wouldn't want
to be the main priority not the sons
Devin Booker this that basketball
basketball no I want my cool Brian I
love you like you want anything like
what do you need uh-huh yeah that's
pretty much here so since that was
answer to your question I'm up for the
next year
you take ups and I'll show you a little
prostate exam
Brian wouldn't put up with myself for
basketball-related Amy there's a big
thing is know what I told you in bed
you'd be my first priority there's no
bath really okay no no no I'll show you
a good good thing the day I'm about to
give Brian I don't know how awkward this
is because it's not really awkward at
all I just want to say that Brian did
this so Brian um do you have your
cellular device anywhere in the air yeah
oh would you go ahead and pull that out
please
yeah I'm gonna need you to open up so
far and make sure the history is clear
cuz I don't wanna see anything I don't
want to see how the face I need doesn't
work with the mask okay okay go to NBA
all-star okay go to the voting and this
player plays for the Western Conference
so you're gonna go to the West not the
East good and instead of all positions
why don't you go ahead and select
shooting guard because that's what this
person sees a shooting guard Brendan I
know where you're going with this okay
now you're gonna search by team you're
gonna search the Phoenix Suns the name
why don't you go ahead and type in look
I am getting Brian to vote Devin Booker
into this year's all-star game and not
only am i daring Brian to do this but i
guarante all of the Barossa to do the
same if you love me if you love my
brother please go to NBA all-star vote
vote Devin Booker into this year's
all-star game it's in Los Angeles right
here about two hours away from us so a
debug way it's gonna be in LA yes if you
get into the all-star game book me and
my brother will be there
courtside so get it done guys I still
have yet to meet debug and I really want
to meet you brother you're a beast at
basketball so I'm trying to play you and
call duty Booker said he could beat you
call duty he told me he could beat you
call duty
actually maybe now because I'm rusty so
maybe you got your 12 rust
but to everybody vote Devin Booker into
this year's all-star game get it done he
deserves it and let's see what happens
when make sure you put the things
something you got a robot I did okay I
hope you get me he deserves it
okay time for Brian Hoyer listen this is
it too extreme but let's do it together
I'll do it with you
let's put ice in our pants no no no
leave that shit God for me that homing
it didn't last thing I forgot what you
did was I gonna do with me oh it's Oh
ice in the pants let's do it I'm done
yeah here I'll get the other one to put
in my pants wait we need to set the
camera down we'll be ready okay
every play call my agent
ready - oh yes shrunk right a mini-city
shrink yeah a little
hey let's not do this again it ruins our
self-esteem it's Sonja
Brian feed itself right you Rugrats
tattoo was real
anybody sees that I didn't get a rug
rats tattoo like it's real the
dedication for his fans
okay God so two more truth kids are
coming up this is for both of us which
brother has been with the most girls I
think it obviously you
I think it's Brian very serious I think
that's my answer
no from how long like our whole life
yeah then you might be like in high
school like you were like the mack daddy
shuffle come look
it's used I don't know I know you've
been with more girls guys he's the ho
hey you're a whole bag me
are you actually kidding me okay last
question before we close this video out
Brandon and Brian have you ever walked
in on each other doing the nasty or the
nutty way please let me go friends
please let me go pretty tail so let's
just say that the old howsoever renter
old house of stated just no history was
the upstairs room so a lot of people
might want to see my old gaming room so
uh Brian the day after my birthday
and and you set me up yeah I knew this
person I sent Brian up I do the prison
and so you know I was like oh you know
it's my brother's birthday Baba I don't
know why I just thought it would be
funny so like it open the door like so
when people ask the question have you
ever walked in and something say yeah I
accidentally walked in know this was I
purposely walked in just just for a good
laugh you know make memories when's the
next time that a pair of brothers could
be like yeah I purposely wanted on a do
how's the scene well you were all scared
yeah but look you know what I'm older I
have kids I just wanna tell them I
walked in on you uncle
so that's so you might have you ever
walked you know I mean or should I say
walked up to a car window yeah I have
this is in high school the girl that you
were hooking up with you maybe take her
friend to the side you know cause like
she was just talking Brendan and his
girl and so I took the girl and Brendan
was taking long side go and Brit was in
his car and I go cuz we're gonna bring
back you showing so much detail we
weren't allowed to bring girls back home
so but it wasn't his car and I'm like
what's taking him so long I go through
the car window legit fantasy Britain I
just run away I was like I was in like
tenth grade I was like oh my gosh
holidays Allen's great I wasn't that
young by the way for everyone was gonna
say oh he's so you
yeah no no Brenda was 11th great so
that's fine but like yeah I watched it I
just went back and I'm like there's no
way you can surf right yeah I did yeah
because I kinda a KL desperate sighs so
I lined up two times what Brendan you're
actually like you pump me up so many
times that's what I appreciate you have
your future wife is gonna hate me she's
not gonna okay the video I listen I
think this truth-or-dare got an awkward
eyes again from asking random people for
comments to licking each other's but
answering sexual questions has a better
girlfriend yeah this truth or dare is as
awkward and as crazy as you wanted it to
be anyways guys this is the type of
video I needed to bring out for you guys
you guys have dealt with me for the past
couple days with the flu and having
bronchitis and just you know boring
videos and that's not what I want to do
for you guys so I hope you enjoyed this
video drop a like if you did subscribe
to this em F channel and you did enjoy
it fine I think the neighbors gonna take
my steak on because we're being so loud
do I think
like he's gonna think you do you with me
we're gonna hear two guys screaming but
anyways guys bad for the Alpha just let
me told you a little bit I miss touching
touch mean what Oh in a bad way I know
you're still getting five five five
thank you guys so much for watching this
video I love you guys all I'm sure Brian
Brian okay look so I see Brian for you
twerking but then I go ahead and slide I
know you're messed up to come okay okay
I love you guys all so much and I'm out
guys food sweets
