what's going on you guys say drug here
and today I'm bringing you know I'm just
joking um obviously if you guys couldn't
tell I'm not phase drunk but if some of
you guys believe me I do have controller
I am in his room and I'm using a setup
because today's video I'm gonna be
playing a match of free-for-all for you
guys I just thought you guys would enjoy
this video because many of you guys know
that I do not play video games the last
time I played Call of Duty like an
actual match I know like four years ago
so on I'm gonna do this I just made my
class the scar-h one I know that I have
score a job nor do any of the other
stuff are you guys know probably gonna
trash my class upcoming some slack
I don't play um yes so I'm gonna be on
Facebook's account all right here yeah
so last night me and my brother with our
cousins and some friends we went to that
Chris Brown Fetty WAP concert it was so
tight it was it was crazy on me I think
Fetty WAP had the best performance it
was pretty sure he like four or five
songs but it was late it was so it was
fun um there were a bunch of people we
had lawn seats so not like official
seats we were just walking around there
were a ton of people I entered the
middle of a damn game but yeah I had I
didn't bring my camera to the event but
I did take a lot of snapchat so I'm
gonna put those at the end of the video
dude would work I'm put that at the end
of the video in case you guys are
interested in seeing it
I'm also French Montana was there he
wasn't scheduled he just performed at
the end kind of like a surprise so that
was tight I liked it I had fun I didn't
get to go on J Cole was here last month
so seeing Fetty wall Chris Palin Omarion
French Montana kidding it was sick but
now time to win this match for my boy
rug I can't
down no speaking of the concert my
tattoo is so really sore and obviously
everyone's dancing at the concert I got
bumped like at least seven or eight
times and I'm just like well I don't
know it was pretty bad but I was too
happy at the moment so it may matter
yeah when we were leaving the concert
there was a bunch of traffic a bunch of
traffic in the parking lot so I decided
to glass fan walk really loud on my
cousin's car I was like dancing singing
in the car and people actually started
to put their cars in park and step out
their vehicle and start dancing to the
music so that was funny act like a
couple people got out singing dancing to
our music I was like you can't get
enough of Fetty i'll playing some drake
- I had them I have the parking lot turn
shoot I'm just warning you guys right
now do not expect anything anything from
this game I know what
shit and Hernandez yeah well shit what
this is why I hate video games is
because I suck is it because I just
don't know I'm not gonna video games my
shotgun oh shit if I die here I shot in
the head wait wait is it this is a super
small map on this remind me of wasteland
might as well just go into my shotgun
good if you won't you come oh shit
Rob would be proud wait did I even get
that cool yet people are gonna be
watching this like phase run you fell
off what happen to you is the
sensitivity to iPhone you guys I'm at
three kills Brandon Knight number three
let's go leader has 13 kills Steve
national number not bad
I always look really tense when I'm
playing video games and that's because I
am
but it is
and I not
oh my gosh yeah last night at the
concert I saw a bunch of my friends I
know a bunch of people are gonna be
there but I actually ran into a bunch of
them a bunch of people that I knew from
school or from work and I haven't talked
to him in a while so that was cool
actually two or three people recognized
me and me and my brother they came up to
my brother and they were like oh I've
seen you in his videos come to get a
picture and I was like brother and my
famous you want picture of me that was
funny my brother actually followed some
other people on Twitter such a good guy
oh shit you kill me right there someone
already has 20 damn you guys don't make
fun of me for this game boy
oh my god
come here
ole headshot is that headshot supposed
to be like 20 points
should I get to 20 kills for one
headshot the fuck just killed me
damn my voice is going away from that
concert you guys think I'll reach 10
kills just give me 10 killed and I'll be
happy
boom and mine phase now shit phase
leaders you'd better be watching this
you might have a newer to on your hand
so you could obviously tell who got the
video game genes in the family that was
my brother I guess I got the sports
genes
good thing my brother's not watching you
be ashamed of this
guys Amish bullshit I need one more kill
to reach my goal thank you yes I stuck
in ten kills my goal all I needed I
don't care that was pretty embarrassing
I was honestly expecting 15 to 20 but I
set the standards lower once I saw how
bad I was
you call that a kill cam my brother
would have put that to shame 10 kills
and 12 deaths not bad okay so as much of
a disappointment that was just keep in
mind that I do not play video games and
have not died just DOM not a video game
person on so Friday today another upload
whoever is watching this thank you again
for watching I'm no face rug when it
comes to video games but I think I did
pretty good 10 kills no but um and keep
watching you guys want to see some of
that concert footage which was super fun
other than that I'm not for today
my body trying to fucking butter 5c did
you around me drank a lot tonight I know
she can drive your car you
