okay what's up everybody Brandon Awad is
here and um today I was supposed to be
uploading the video pretty much a vlog
of me getting my new tattoo and some
horrible news I woke up early this
morning to edit the video I had like
footage on my camera like getting my
tattoo driving there the shop I actually
had my mom dads and brothers first
reaction when I walked through the door
and I went to edit it and my computer
said startup disk full I have a Mac by
the way which I do not like so far and
so as I was clearing some files to clear
up the startup disk I accidentally
deleted the videos of me getting the
tattoo and like I had deleted them off
my camera already once I uploaded them
to my computer so I was bummed out and I
was just like damn I actually had good
footage all this the good thing is I was
snapchatting a little bit while I was
taking my tattoo so I have load on my
snapchat I guess I'm going to
incorporate those into this video so you
guys will still see some footage but
it's not how it was obviously I
apologize for that and I wish not only
for you guys but for myself I could have
kept it as its memories but um but yeah
anyways I got this tattoo which you guys
are going to see on in the pictures that
I put in at the end of this video and it
was supposed to be a half sleeve but I
guess out of respect for my mom I told
him to go like a little higher so it's
not really visible with a shirt um but
oh damn it's still pretty sore honestly
I'm not sure if you guys can see this
just because the camera is facing the
other way but I mean that's it it took
roughly like three hours and
I'm not gonna lie first of all let me
say I have a high pain tolerance like I
don't get hurt like it's just hard for
me to feel pain this this shit hurt I
mean uh well not all but there were
times were like it was okay I don't care
but around the armpit area right here
like oh my gosh that part I was like oh
that's you that's ever pretty bad on my
first tattoo right here that didn't
didn't hurt over here like around the
middle that ain't hurt but once he got
closer to the arm period the sensitive
part that hurt um but yeah I love the
job that he did on it um he did a great
job I mean I paint a little I spent a
little bit of money on this but I mean
you pay for what you get it came out
great um I'm still bummed out that I
didn't get to put my mom dad and
brothers reaction in this video but I
mean what could you do um yeah so as bad
as the pain was in certain areas I sat
through the sons losing five games at
the budget last year that was pain
that's which that's what I call pain um
also I mean a the worst part about all
this is that I can't go to the gym for
like I'm not sure how many days but I
don't know why I didn't think of that
when I was getting the tattoo until
after I was like oh shit I can't lift
weights right now so uh no lifting
weights no basketball for I'm guessing a
week maybe a little bit more yeah and uh
me and my brother and some of our
cousins some of our friends we're all
going to the Chris Brown and Fetty WAP
concert tonight so on I'm stoked for
that about a head to school right now
just for a class and then leave from
school go straight to a concert so and
I'm sure me and my brother gonna run
into some fans I know it he went to the
gia Cole concert I called months ago he
ran into three fans so I'm sure if any
ball Chris Brown a lot of you guys are
going to be there so we might run into
some of you guys oh and one last thing I
just passed 8,000 subscribers which is
um that's crazy because when I started
this channel I'm sure some of you guys
know it was just for NBA talk like I'd
sit in my chair right here with my
little laptop with a webcam and record
just me talking about the NBA
I had like a thousand subscribers after
like a few months and now in this past
month alone I've gained five thousand
subscribers and like honestly that's
crazy I want to thank all you guys I
didn't think it would actually happen
but I hope it keeps growing but uh
nonetheless I'm enjoying you right now I
enjoy making videos around my school
time in gym time it's fun to do and now
I know you guys like watching them so
I'm gonna keep making them but yeah I'm
gonna show you guys some footage right
now and tell me how you guys like it on
my Instagram picture I got a bunch of
comments saying it was dope it was sick
everyone liked it I want to know how you
guys like it so
