hey what's going on everybody I'm here
with my brother Brian what's up and
brian has read the comments ever since
we made our first 2k1 be one people have
been dying to see another one
I obviously won the first one so my
record is want to know and now there's a
catch today I can't play with the
Phoenix Suns so me and my brother were
each gonna press random team ready set
go
please up first you formed a desperate
so shit - all right I get LaMarcus Day
November SMG week awhile and they like a
look and they let go of doing weights
Spurs are gonna be deadly
so he gets look biggest just go he got
to play with LaMarcus Aldridge if Milo's
decide with the sun's to rub it in if I
lose this
oh yeah loser has to eat a spoonful of
salt we would have their hey wow I
didn't know my weights are you doing
arguing substitution so ya go
hey okay so as fair as this sounds San
Antonio Spurs who might be entering the
Year title favorites against the
Brooklyn Nets who are we loading and
it's warming rebuilding don't know this
season already understand I'm on the
road furs on defense here's Jack Lew
finish off Christmas course Chris wins
I'm different Minister on the fastbreak
yeah he sure is he remains in total
control even at Bulls Jerry Jack's not
bad but a starting point guard and Wayne
Ellington I'm just starting oh man
so LaMarcus I remember during the
offseason you said that you didn't want
to play center so the sun's went out and
signed Tyson Chandler oh but then you go
inside with a scurry where you're going
to be playing center of majority the
time former Laker Wayne Ellington every
plate of every neligan yes everyone
who's ever touched a Lakers uniforms
garbage for the rest your crew is the
second from the one and y'all really a
solid group yeah we were going to do to
headquarters but that was a little too
short I think three min is fine for you
you can knock that shot down it becomes
a nightmare to defend because we know he
can get to the butter jam using LaMarcus
he wasn't even part of their team no
it's going early
any problems all day
like anything can win - kicks - yo
Brooklyn stop now what team dungeon you
guys you guys see this Brook Club is
softer than this serious and he got a 60
million dollar contract to see 64 year
1600 know three years 16 to 29 a year
broke local yeah Brook Lopez is a
mistake he's good at offense but and his
size it's really tough to bother that
shot in really comes not eating a damn
spoonful salt a tiny bit the squirrel
ain't gonna change her West's chavin
West
oh here's West but try by Green they lit
by the grease I'm getting green their
reefs on Kauai LaHood they signed David
West and the market solid ice they're
literally on to the final and the next
evolution of the beach is improving as a
fish from the low block yeah you know
you have to punish teams don't even
Lunken Kawhi Leonard the steel why his
hands ourselves do my god get through
and he just ducked in bubble a terrific
job this video run first put your head
in there on the night well they're very
pleased with their free throw numbers a
year ago they knocked down about sneak
to go wrong they all fight on the team
you know that just keeps their
confidence at the offensive end I mean
in that free-throw shooting was one bad
luck random yeah right yeah right what
are you doing
come on done fashion what you want to
forfeit now where they can to keep this
one going watch and Jack I don't blame
you Darren Darren Jack look like me only
for Matt and Jack here we go
penis thought if you did I was important
for sure work outside tough to get that
J so I just substituted uh-oh that takes
rondae hollis-jefferson in particularly
on the release to make sure that you get
a hand on and here we go yes oh my god
don't like um oh yeah I I substituted
Thomas Robinson into the game but I
hesitated because he's 21 seconds
unofficially he's the third Morris twin
oh shit yes Thomas Robinson and the
Morris twins are like brothers we're
doing so I kind of hesitated bringing
him into the game because as you know
establishing a pre Markieff Morris and
not at the top of my good list right now
okay good close to the quarter yeah hey
why would you ever interfere
and what by the way I watched rondae
hollis-jefferson up close in Summerland
his defense is so good they're showing
us a lot of energy early on in RAC
because often is great morning
yeah I've noticed also the quick hands
have led to wait
Ginobili wasn't starting we're getting
some feelings in transition fuck you
Thomas Rob - that's happens when you
hang out a monkey missing shortly the
car oh yeah right Yeah right
this is 2006 oh my god that looks so
much like anything with doors go
somebody's thank you Kevin Thomas
Robinson once the number five pick in
2012 but he's found with his young
career
okay Jordan me as a person it humbled me
I just know my god and bitch you another
oh my god oh speaking of softer than
tissue Andre Bargnani piece of shit soft
it and fucking oh my god
Duncan the pastor Anderson and the white
fish shot from jail boy got a fella
gained 19 feet away yet Andre bargnani
more points there's a team now
that's another assistant square that is
putting on a clinic on how to share the
ball I just love them into body it's a
shot isn't there they're not pushing
anything but leaving it side to so long
and you're working you get a good shot
no please catcher
shit no way this one in 2014 NBA Finals
all the best to the product redeemed at
the stolen by Anderson and now about
that's right Handerson Rick football
- no bin is getting six points Romano
Ginobili that looks like he's fine when
was the last time is a floating in the
u.s. being his first course it is think
of he's got it going no give it to Joe
motherfucking Johnson for free thank you
Johnson has got himself on the board
look ones their first round things like
Gordon oh they all they traded Mason
Plumlee for Hollis continues to knock
him down gets ignition with the drive
are you gonna miss a layup he surprised
he didn't make that one because he had a
pretty clean look at the hoop Mike it's
got a three on one how does this even
tell when she goes Larkins toss of patty
fucking Mills shoulder
so far the monk Islanders throughout
dangerous think cock guys Kyle Anderson
is a summer league MVP but of course in
this game you just fuck you in the end
you got to go inside the pump fake draw
contact and get to the foul line
three-second difference between shot
clock and game my gosh
kicks to Larkin
ginger now for a three-point play and
you love and he's hit who she's working
what he's nice like 500 of concentration
finding a way to get that shot before
Parker kicks to although you look on
your question whether these know that's
how nine point if you miss I'm never
bring in technique crap Alan to go my
god
why the logs is Shane Larkin stone the
game could you're doing autosomal now
shot prodigies up to oh yeah Daniel 7
okay so now then there Shane Larkin and
it's Lopez
fuck I can imagine I'm a spoonful so I
met Danny Breen last month at Summerlin
and I asked him why the Spurs to
LaMarcus from the Sun exactly and know
it was sitting down give it to big drill
okay
former Phoenix Suns former Phoenix some
players are literally they great-looking
there does the set up that way to go and
for Duncan please what didn't green this
day they keep moving them wrong you sick
drunk why we could leave it in for years
ago and here they are continued up with
juice hey Duncan one of the big reasons
North it seemed good better and better
and great ball movement now is your
fucking son come back starts here I'm
just jumping or what only a minute have
left in the third and we want to be
super yes Little Theater makes it tough
for the defense to chase that ball in LA
Laker fans really think they have a
chance to fault you might sway that came
out on did like our fan joke you'll be
on a chance to sign LaMarcus over to
that mid-range jumper if the defense is
going together to me I'll take
why not you have to just take what's
theirs my god hey guys Marcus over hey
Miguel instead didn't work I was out of
sheer in charge here as well jets
checked in but three from Johnson you
Fenian ago so this
collides the one yes no miss Alea 490
million dollar man missile installation
they're playing well together as a unit
nowhere and again no good Georgia I
think Jerry jacket that game-winner
against the Clippers was here also -
winters line he could kind of shoot read
lieutenant order again lucky right now
freeze gun you're damn lucky or the Dan
random team I know - from deep I was
kind of out there Steve Georgiana contra
Neos and where the Warriors I saw him
come in Curt and voting for Sixth Man of
the Year struggling mightily a year one
of his contract with the Cleveland
County LaMarcus I said fine you want to
play Center Hospital came to Phoenix
what we had Tyson Chandler Alex Lange
coming off the bench you could have
played that path to their full-time
teams at different surroundings Street
mumbles hey get that shit much fun cool
if I got a shot it's drawn here's to Big
Joe with a slam basically only after
three nails - come on right now no but
honestly Joe Johnson is making like 26
million dollars its upcoming years it's
just crazy
and that's why the Suns didn't sign him
and for Jack last season is a sister to
I mean come on deej around last season
and it's Johnson penetrating his Johnson
countries Wow San Antonio 15 seconds
left in the bird over steal fuck you too
Kate go bring and me live right now he
gonna call the backboard for that well I
met Lionel Hollins - wait how fun you
can call back for on dad
here's McCallum he's had some playing
time but no story yet from him
here's Mills two free throws coming up
he's literally just fouled with a lot of
contact - phones per second right now
and Patty Mills look like the weekends
free this where oh my gosh yeah here we
go yeah call me miss for 11 points is
hard no he's one of the fuzzier is up
there at the foul line
yeah I gave you a change jackass dragons
with Google though first we on the third
quarter a double-digit difference look
choose softest guys especially guys
that's just proof that I did trying the
first - kinging yeah right I have the
signs in the first game who is i scoped
anywhere the heat but no excuses for my
system a couple threes and I'm backing
the decoys if only I had some fucking
food matt bonner the red to the air but
what oh wait I thought you air ball that
he's never made a mid-range shot in his
fucking time and he comes in cold off
the bench please welcome them
I got Ginobli matt bonner is out there
with west and it's Mills Lane yeah
anybody deal Ginobli so Matt Bonner
comes in hits a mid-range shots and then
contests a fucking play get the rebound
Ginobili outside Ginobili let's talk to
David West got buried on y'all you have
weights my way San Antonio right now
rebounds now in this one oh yeah what
Matt Bonner you slipped off pinching and
why you're going to get I need to put in
somebody please shoot barnyard
bullshit Joe Johnson Allen left okay it
is teammate on that move Kelly Clark if
they want to they can milk the clock
just a little bit here Amen I think
that's the best option
sounds good from West maple the Lord
she's fun and it's now airing you know
that's not always the number one option
I just feel like saying this fuck you
Marty hi two weeks until me today we'll
see Louise event and training camp
Brooke Tim Duncan into the onion for
Matt Baume
Aldridge comes in for West my defense on
its Brook Lopez
yeah half of this Kaiser
asset on the line to do something for
Johnson you know one aspect of their
part really been tight might keep you
under third here here is their past
agree the next sup and at least the sons
have to free wins and seizing the play -
sorry I was Nancy this is what come on
come on - announcer presents fine have
you swirling with Jay Mohr I'll think so
I think it could be considered escape
and win Bargnani cleans for each ID loss
is my goal is to just smooth on every
morning go team effort Kevin everybody
got involved and that paid dividends
what I'm playing with the same thing so
no it was for LaMarcus older you can't
look back at too many major
not see him order he was all over this
cherry on top so to speak what's been a
phenomenal showing for them all over but
Brian how done this is bad cuz you're
the net Joe as great as Aldridge was in
the first yeah and cuz I'm a little hard
video being really cool cause have you
heard of call when you have an open line
to the fucking basket it's good 59
seconds left to play in the final
quarter Parker outside here's Leonard
that I'm sorry about quite overrated in
this game large part of what games are
you here diecen team points into the
Nets have gone three of eight here in
the fourth quarter and chat with it now
Green defending the feed to Ellington
gets the three-point if possible most
any ambient possible make you pay when
you leave let's on Tracy McGrady that's
why you have to stay alert funny what is
that on earth and the echo hopefully
it's to green the shooting nice feather
Matt our law firms as a three and D role
play my colleague is jail doing sound
wave by the cast 13 time they're not for
his cousins now even my own yoni Borges
but you know it was a number one pick in
the draft I swear to god one I swear
number one opera John number one overall
taste I will beat you by stories G
punching right right you know how
Anthony Davis and Angela games and they
don't take spouses very poignant and
what happened to him fucking well Dave I
don't take central Christine number one
dance my college here not high school
and the wide open shot from green boys
he's French
there's the free offensive line
he's never jumped that high in his life
trust me I watch some of the signs a
little bit more for these fans make sure
about is they get ready to celebrate the
win filming this on they can already
talk to celebrates two easy wins nearly
I really lost my 20 points with three
minute quarters I also let down you guys
yeah we actually just unsubscribe I know
you called that one alright guys so the
stake was that my happy fucking birthday
Morton Salt a hundred years old you're
gonna cut my last fam five hundred years
after I eat this spoon fool you're gonna
follow it I'll try I know you how'd you
open it you didn't nails Bosley come
here look what I'm about to do come here
alright guys spoonful saw I don't think
you could see it but time for me to get
kidney stone oh it will eat you and I
said I was gonna fucking try to swallow
it that was worth you said you're gonna
join us with all that shit I was worse
than the gamma challenge out worse than
cinnamon challenge yeah it's still
underestimated you more in piece of shit
so okay guys well I got killed pretty
bad in 2k drops my brother he killed me
yeah um watch the next beat the Spurs in
fucking regular season well yeah anyways
43 more days until NBA season starts at
least uh first Suns game I think it's 42
for the other teams on I'm Brandon and
I'm phase drug and we're out peace
