okay so I just got back from school and
I'm going to be doing a video that's
been highly requested for some reason
you guys you guys don't want to see my
car and I love my car so I have no
problem doing this I'm gonna be giving
you guys a tour of my car for those I
don't know I Drive a 2015 Lexus is250
f-sport I love it I mean there's nothing
to complain about so I'm gonna give you
guys a tour
you want to start Bosley so there's my
car there's rugs car I like it I
wouldn't get a white car but that's
what's hard I got my car right here the
first thing that pops out all these
please the grill that's a the main
difference with the F score and the
regular one is the grill I mean it just
stands out like the first thing you
notice when you look at this car is the
grill Bosley don't go after him okay
probably gonna try to chase my neighbor
hopefully he doesn't mind and then
second thing that stands out the lights
these lights LED lights those aren't
seen often on cards so on I love those I
will show you guys them on this bit this
video would actually be better at night
but it's not nighttime so whatever
Bosley Bosley come back Brian go bring
Bosley who go after Archer road to a
rescue to golden balls back
okay so back to my car which I covered
mine and rugs license plates because I
know some of you guys are crazy so okay
so the inside yeah I had to get some
room leather seats like I said my car is
kind of dirty but
my school backpack random dollar oh I
got my own name tag from when I used to
work at this grocery store sorry boss to
this day he didn't know I used to use
this name tag
got my
I mean I'm not sure what else you guys
want to see that's my car yeah it would
be awesome if it was nighttime it would
look way nicer but um I mean that's what
you have my car
you
there's one con this car only has an
analog clock does not have another way
to tell time you know sometimes I'm
driving and I'm trying to tell the time
and I almost get a cratis trying to read
all this now I'm just joking I could
tell time easily but they should really
have another maybe in the corner or
something that just tells the time
digitally but they don't but now I do
love this car
f-sport Lexus that rubber duck I got
from my best friend Lawrence has an
obsession rubber ducks for some reason
so I keep that there it's actually
Lawrence's birthday tomorrow
gotta wish him a happy birthday my
windows actually tented the back is limo
cane up front is it's close to limo but
I didn't want to fully tint it in the
front just in case you know Popo the
rims are actually really nice those I
didn't have to buy those or anything
those came with the car f-sport come
with these type of rims and they're
actually supposed to be cleaner they're
kind of how do you feel about me getting
a tattoo tomorrow
my mom's a little upset whatever
recorded a video with you guys but no
one's coming with me to get it so
I literally I loved it so much like I
never want to leave my room ever I'm
gonna give you guys the little meaning
of uh everything here so Amar'e
Stoudemire Jersey I used to love a
morning when he was on the Suns he is
the greatest power forward in NBA
history
forget dunk and forget Barkley forget
any other big I played the game a
Maruyama I was the greatest in NBA
history then you have corn and Rogich
who Goran if you're watching this please
when you're multi-year contract is over
with the heat
you know the sun's always have a place
for you I got a place for you in my
heart so on please return come back
taking up draw gauge in my heart my
heart broke when my mom was cleaning my
room
and that happened oh that was my only
goran dragic bobblehead I got that when
I went to Phoenix for the first time I
bought his jersey and his bobblehead my
mom tried to hide it actually she didn't
but so I had to find it on my own
I'm never gonna throw this away though
never going please you're in good hands
I got you that makes it the second
figure that I have broken as you see
amare Stoudemire's legs somewhere I'm
not sure where the hell they are okay
and then you have my sign Steve Nash
Jersey the first son player I ever met I
think I was in eighth or ninth grade the
words I have to him were Steve I love
you and he kind of looked at me and
smiled first time I went to Phoenix
Eddie Johnson going draw a cheque
Bledsoe channing frye both Morris twins
and PJ Tucker had signed on linemen sure
who signed those shoes greatest point
guard of all time next to Eric Bledsoe
Steve Nash jersey would shrunken the
washer so I can't wear that and many of
you guys don't even remember this but
yes Shaq was a member of the Phoenix
Suns yes he was I think for two years we
traded Shawn Marion to game so yeah tell
me my room does not look amazing right
now I mean I can't wait to be sitting on
this chair watching a son's game right
there and just I mean there's no way the
sons could possibly lose a game when I'm
watching it in here right they should go
82 a No playoffs championship sweep
everybody bring the first title of the
Phoenix let me know what you guys think
my dad did an amazing job like I barely
helped him he didn't want me to help him
because he doesn't trust me with the
paint but I think he did a great job
it's awesome
speaking of Steve Nash I made this
project when I was 17 in senior year in
ceramics you guys can't tell that is
Steve Nash
obviously it's Steve Nash right it looks
kind of creepy but that's enough I also
made this I mean go Suns what can I say
not that I'm a Suns fan or anything but
yeah if you guys are wondering one
Gordon draw each dude get traded to the
heat I cried a lot and actually
contemplated retiring from ever playing
basketball but I'm glad that phase is
over with I still play basketball I
played last night as a matter of fact
and on January 8th when the heat come to
Phoenix and going George makes his
return I'm gonna be at that game I'm
driving from right here San Diego to
Phoenix Arizona I think with my brother
I'm not sure I'm gonna see that game
g√∂ran drug which makes his return to
Phoenix
along with jail green a lot of emotions
for that game I'm gonna cry I don't care
I'll cry in front of everyone off the
arena if you guys wonder why I still
live in this house and haven't moved out
oh I'm just joke I'm just joking on my
mom's cooking
Brian what are we doing tonight okay
yeah me and my brother are recording a
2k 1v1 tonight that should be uploaded
tomorrow Bodley say bye
