so today painting my room orange and
purple in honor of the Phoenix Suns I
know I'm a little crazy but me and my
dad just bought the paint there's the
orange there's the purple and I'm
excited I want to see how my room turns
out those colors
my room is being painted orange and
purple right done right we got we're
going to have orange walls with purple
stripes and then we're gonna have above
my TV Phoenix Suns logo right there I
can't wait to see how this turns out
we're gonna finish it today so yeah I
can't wait I've had my room green ever
since I was a kid but my Phoenix Suns
fandom my love for the team has taken
over and today's the day orange and
purple
dad watch step number one through the
new season and
on the line going to go alright your
sport pick and play your school pick up
another win it free and true from the
good orange and I'll give it my room
looks so empty without all the sun's
gear I'll do the big job you guys are
wondering what these are from actually
when the Suns lose I get kind of angry
my dad doesn't trust me painting he
won't let me paint no I'm just here
watching looks good DJ lucre just
daughter were pretty bad so all the talk
about the Charter season 45 more days
until I be a season started five okay
here's an update
more orange done my dad still doesn't
let me paint so I'm I just watch the
Chargers game prety quicker and normal
because
what is
my dad the hardest worker you've ever
seen in your life on his day off doing
this day off from work won't help my dad
paint the room
go bother go get a paint brush and start
painting my room you could start doing
purple getting closer so Kentucky and
North Carolina are playing a charity
game on alumni charity game and for
Kentucky you have Eric Bledsoe right
there greatest point out of all time and
Devin Booker so let so Devin Booker
should be in the corner yep right there
Bledsoe
okay Bledsoe can't get a technical for
that in a charity game right dad
so the Chargers won yeah and Kentucky
just won the charity game do you know
who was playing for them green nope
Eric Bledsoe cuz he's from Kentucky and
they had a charity game him and Devin
Booker were playing Devin Booker is the
sun's first-round pick they were both
playing together
busted multi yeah and I'm not sure way
to check the stats oh I don't know how
many points Bledsoe had the room is
coming along nice that walls going to be
painted all purple by the way
oh the purple is coming out in case you
guys didn't know all these signed hats
that I have none of them are purchased
online they're all signed when I go to
the games including the jerseys
while my dad is painting my room I'm
gonna show you guys what I painted in
ceramics I made this and I went to a
son's game and I got the middle signed
by goran dragic there was supposed to be
a picture of me and him over there
but I never got it printed so he
actually just signed the middle and it's
a frame so I did a little painting of my
own a couple years ago but not like this
let me just say something really quick
dad I don't know how you do it because
let me tell you guys something my dad is
a Lakers fan and he's being asked by his
son who's a sons fan to paint his room
orange in purple
so let me put it this way if I'm I'm a
sons fan if my kid god forbid is a fan
of any other team and they asked let's
say my son is a Laker fan which he would
not be my son anymore but let's say my
son is a Laker fan and he had the nerve
to ask me to paint his room yellow and
purple I don't even know I have I don't
know what I would do so dad I thank you
and I give you a lot of credit for doing
this for me because there's no way my
son would even have the nerve to ask me
to paint his room colors of a different
teams
tape is coming on Bobby get out the
smelling good for good
go get out oh come here come this way
you can't fit come here get out loudly
stripes done so my dad is done
honestly it looks so good like I
freaking love it I swear
now I can officially call myself a sons
fan I can't wait to be watching the
games in this room hopefully this brings
us some good playoff luck help us get
into the playoffs this is great this is
honestly like when I said orange and
purple I imagined maybe orange purple
like you know something basic and my dad
it's something really nice so I'm really
happy I don't really want to sleep in my
room tonight because the smell is so
strong and as you could tell my bed is
not in here right now so
let's see where I'm gonna sleep tonight
right here this may look familiar if you
guys watch my brothers videos he's gonna
be right there
balls is right there and I'm gonna be
right there for tonight a mini sleepover
hopefully rug doesn't mind I'm really
sleeping in your room today in my room
my mom set it up I can't my bed is not
in my room and it smells too strong yeah
Patrick
