Bosley what are they doing we watch
we're watching a real life we'd rather
from when I went to the face how let's
see right there that's big that's right
we just saw rugged cardboard I don't
know how he's still alive yeah but today
football Sunday first official Sunday
with football you someone else's
thoughts in your head for a gargling
ketchup Chargers game is at 1:00 p.m.
we're about to go to the gym to pass
time as soon as she heard we were going
to the gym she's out by Amanda got to
meet the two egg
they're the worst part about making
breakfast for stirring put way too much
cooking oil it's okay
this is now done
the Chiefs first Texans so I the charges
fan obviously I need the Chiefs to lose
or else the Chargers are eliminated from
playoff contention right okay so you got
the turkey egg cheese omelet with a side
of noodle you awesome bean boozled okay
so I'm the N drug about to go to the gym
rugs I here to my right I don't know if
you guys can see him right there what
are we working out we're working out
chest try something on chest triceps and
abs that'll kill enough time to come
back before the Chargers game way I
should start vlogging like these started
that gets me a lot of views
you guys love vlogging right
okay so I'm gonna put an end to all
these similarities I used to get Aaron
Hernandez almost every single day which
icici Menendez but you guys have been
giving me South Korea Tyler and his
nanny but I don't forget named Orioles
no Grandin a lot is not just joking it's
funny when it's funny when you guys
comment while I look like because I mean
I see it a little I think I look like
phase Rhodes or he looks like me people
say I look like moose from step up out
or not O'Brien looks like Rico from
Hannah Montana and one needs to call me
penny from Jersey Shore but that died
down yeah and why don't people comment
that because it no one knows anymore
they're never gonna come back I used to
love Jersey Shore literally oh my god
super empty wait football Sunday no
one's trying to be here right now
this says for Eric Wetzel
okay here incline dumbbell for you here
all right
before transgender
we just finished our work out how was
that tiring and good yeah it was tiring
but that's how you know what's a good
workout
we're time to go watch the Chargers game
and possibly make a video with my
brother
I wanna well we want to make a 1v1 on
Call of Duty in it well like my brothers
kind of scared to make the video because
he knows I'd beat him when he won in a
black ops or whatever game we're playing
got post-workout meal why are you crying
go down by Brian uh-oh what's my dad up
to dad what are you up to
oh my gosh the echo in here I don't know
I'm waiting for you for decision well
why is it like this
decisions we're painting my room orange
and purple for the sounds and the
possibility so we're painting orange and
purple and we're having a logo right
there the Phoenix Suns logo right there
I'm stoked so you got the Chargers in
their road white jerseys Phillip Rivers
greatest quarterback of all time
the chicks say hi hey what do you think
of my room being painted orange and
purple what happens when an NFL team
scores a touchdown what do the reps do
we're seeing Melvin Gordon for the first
time he's supposed to be the greatest
running back in the NFL history no gods
Danny Woodhead coming back from injury
no way no way Melvin Gordon just kept
his balance on that there's no way
oh no no way
challenge this please
his hand he's good oh my god
this is why we drafted you in the first
round Melvin
so me and my brother are about to record
a Call of Duty 1v1 having on that
anything set up yet well he hasn't done
anything set up yet but I'm waiting for
his call recording 1v1 protein shake and
he decided to put bean boozled jelly
beans in my protein shake which I didn't
noticed I drank it two times not once I
took two sips so while he was making the
outro for that prank video I fucking I
smack him the shit out of him I just got
out of the shower a bunch of shaving
cream he's gonna upload back today so
you guys know that was honestly so great
for me but yeah that's the end of my
vlog for today hopefully the Chargers
pull it out it's twenty one twenty
fourth quarter 11 minutes left 13 yard
line they're in the red zone yeah so
they should score right here weather
feel it let them see Oh
touchdown touchdown lions it was 21 to 3
Lions the charger that's worth 24
unanswered points
