yawn you want to try
fall know how to get off if you want to
get them up in that time
the sons are supposed to be unveiling
brand-new black uniforms at 6:30 p.m.
it's 6:30 to and a thousand started but
PJ Tucker just gave like a sneak preview
on Instagram so now I'm just waiting on
this it's still loading
come on sons so the son just unleash
their brand-new court design for next
season I look I literally love it I'm in
love look at this what used to say Sons
is now a logo of the Phoenix Suns and
the lines are in purple this I love this
is awesome now I can't wait for the
season even more and let's look at the
jerseys they came out with the here are
the black jerseys modeled by the best
point guard in NBA history Eric Bledsoe
they also got rid of the sleeves on the
orange jerseys which look really sick
now the Sun have like 40 different
jerseys here's a better there's Bledsoe
modeling the black Goodwin with the new
sleeveless orange I love those I love
the new jerseys I love the core the core
is crazy I love this court let's go I
need your opinions on the new jersey
what do you think about what the New
Jersey's the black ones no I prefer the
whites I - okay here's the orange
yep I'm into it which one's the orange
yeah they took the sleeves off the
orange the orange used to be sleeves and
then the black ones they just never had
I like these oh the orange one all the
low sons the only war though they only
wear those on Latino night on noches
whatever no does not Kailyn what do you
think about the black jerseys okay
Mandi raising up the black jersey let me
see you
oh those are sick of slug really yeah
okay now
off the jury what do you think of Eric
Bledsoe great right
three what the hell is wrong with Mandy
not you you sure - but okay guys the
ratings are out of four okay I was super
drunk and have maybe like 28 beers
hey I'm showing this Eric what so when I
meet him next I don't let interested why
Kalyan what are you right out of 10
Gasca who do you think then Gerald he's
not on the sons anymore how did the sons
yeah nobody's arm
it's draaga shizune on the right no drug
ajiz not on the sons anyone a lot nobody
Markieff Morris Morris is ugly he's
about to get traded when his brother his
brother already got treated alright then
there's Devin Booker no you know he's
the bet he's the bachelor on ABC and
he's only 18 years old she hasn't she
hasn't put her phone down ever since you
got here well I was gonna play
basketball but not anymore I guess
everyone I have one rule Bosley is a dog
you guys can't scare him but just be
nice do this to him cut him like this
yeah it's a video just be nice to Bosley
and that's all I ask
okay let me see your binder let me see
your binder I'm seeing him next week yes
I am him and Fetty WAP are you jealous
Bosley is a ladies man Bosley you get
all the girls mom
thank you
who the best team in the NBA just like
me
you see what I live with what I have to
deal with a bunch of Laker fan don't you
feel bad for me dad who's the best team
in the NBA chicken a lot of chicken
Rita say hi
I needed not much to say about you
stable your be interested I'm not I love
you so much you're my favorite limb from
I love don't touch me Oh Kailyn what do
you think of me
did everyone that's my cousin is her
best friend Kailyn what do you think of
me as a person just put like hack for I
don't know Brandon you ready for
freaking critized overcome my house
again
Jess hey what do you think I'm the other
person strong you're tough you're hot
you're nine you're you're talented
you're good at basketball you're writing
articles
you
you
you
I'm going to start playing Brandon's
room colors colors as a Phoenix Suns
purple and orange the greens going and
three is going to go we're going to do
all arranged with stripes on the corner
purple purple purple and all around the
bottom of the all purple sounds good of
different nice thank you
