what's up everybody today I'm bringing
you guys a video about the Phoenix Suns
new alternate jerseys and their new core
design I'm so excited I'm not a normal
fan a normal fan would not be making a
video and just being so stoked about a
couple pictures of new jerseys and one
little twitches to the core of their
favorite team but man this has me like
I'm on I was on the edge of my seat
watching this event so last week the
Phoenix Suns announced that Tuesday
which was today at 6:30 p.m. they were
gonna unveil a new alternate uniform and
as some rumors leaked that it was gonna
be black but nothing official and it
turns out they were right the Jersey
which I'm gonna have pictures up at the
end of this video is black with the
letters PHX obviously for Phoenix with a
white outline and the caller is like
orange and purple personally I do like
it but I do think it could have used
some more orange and purple it's a it's
a ton of black but I love it I mean like
a black jersey like it's it's just like
I love the Jersey you guys are gonna see
and I love the fact that it was modeled
by Eric Bledsoe who is obviously the
greatest point guard in NBA history um
also which came as a little bit of
surprise the Phoenix Suns as you guys
know last year they had orange sleeve
jerseys they kept the orange jerseys but
and chopped off the sleeves so it's the
same exact Jersey as it was last year
but it's sleeveless and it looks so sick
I mean I'm definitely buying me one of
those I'm probably gonna buy me a black
one too but first I'm buying that orange
one man it looks I mean let's be honest
nobody likes sleeved NBA jerseys I loved
the design but I didn't like the sleeve
so now they kept the design and they
took off the sleeves it's awesome you
guys will see pictures of that too but
the biggest surprise of the night nobody
was expecting this the Phoenix Suns came
out with a whole new court design and I
love it before I see that Patriot I'm
gonna explain it really quick
it's the same concept as it was it's
still orange and black mainly they added
some more purple though now the
three-point line and the paint is now
outlined in purple and it actually has
the slogan we are Phoenix which the Suns
are trying to push that's their like
like I said that's their slogan it's now
on the side it says we are PHX but the
biggest thing what used to say Suns
across the court is now a logo which
resembles the retro Phoenix Suns logo
it's awesome its own if you guys
remember the sun's court used to have
that kind of like that the Sun
basketball whatever you want would like
to raise the orange you'll see in the
picture it's kind of hard to describe
but this is like mixing the new era of
the Phoenix Suns with the old era of the
Phoenix Suns and it just it looks great
I mean the logo in the middle of the
court I love it it's it makes me feel so
lame that I'm so excited over brand new
jersey and a new core design but that's
the truth I'm so hyped in like I'm so
stoked it was great uh just some details
of the event Eric Bledsoe Archie Goodwin
Brandon Knight Devin Booker John lure
and PJ Tucker were modeling the jerseys
the Sun have like a hundred different
jerseys they kept the gray sleeves they
kept the low suns which is for the noche
latina nights in a MBA they obviously
have the purple road jerseys they have
the Y home jerseys they got the orange
sleeveless ones and then now they have
the black ones which in honor of Steve
Nash they're weighing thirteen times
this season
you know thirteen number thirteen Steve
Nash the first time is gonna be on
opening night so that's right first game
of the year against the Dallas Mavericks
the Suns are gonna be shining in those
black jerseys on their brand-new home
court man I'm so excited like watching
this event got me so excited for the
season it sucks that there's still 50
more days but once it hits midnight
that'll be 49 more days so and it will
just keep counting down also another
interesting thing which came as no
surprise Markieff Morris was not at this
event
he did model he didn't show up on but
some things that coach hornacek said let
me pull the quotes up coach hornacek in
regards to the Markieff Morris situation
first he joked around and said he smiled
he kind of laughed and he said we have
one little thing we have to take care of
hopefully but then he opened up more on
it um he said hopefully he can get here
and we can all talk to him I think once
he gets here with the players and maybe
the players can help out and realize
that it happens when you might not be
happy with the organization but your
professional you go out there and play
as hard as you can um he said that when
you start playing games you're not
playing for the coach organization
you're playing for yourself and your
teammates he was floating pretty much
shining like that the Phoenix Suns could
fix this relationship I don't know how
much of that is um how much of that is
just you know talk or how much is
actually truth but we'll see what
happens Markieff Morris was actually
fine ten thousand dollars this morning
by the NBA for publicly demanding a
trade cuz you know normal people go
through their agent but Markieff just
felt the need to do it publicly so he
got fined ten thousand on in which
showing off what a true professional he
is he replied to being fined ten
thousand dollars with a picture of a
Kanye West shrug you know the famous
picture of the Kanye's shrug he actually
tweeted that right after he was fined
ten thousand dollars which he later
deleted but don't worry because Brandon
Awad is has a screenshot which he'll
provide you guys at the end of this
video but um yeah that's that's it's uh
it was really fun and interesting to see
that beginning as a beginning of
September there was actually NBA news
because that doesn't usually happen but
yeah I love the black alternate uniforms
I love the orange ones even more I'm
freakin in love with the new court
design I mean I can't wait for the
season to start and I want you guys to
see all the pictures which are coming at
the end of this video
leave a comment on what you guys think
about all this and I'll be sure to keep
in touch with you guys in the comments
section so thank you for watching
