what's up guys Dennis here I know you
guys wanted Brandon you know another for
what's vlog all that but Brandon's like
really sick he was at the hospital
yesterday they say I feel like flu so
influenza whooping cough like a bunch of
stuff like he's even worse today after
this felt weird he's throwing up he
hasn't moved from his bed he edited a
video wall his eyes were closed either
way he's trying to think of a video
while all this is going on some do a
video for you guys so I said might as
well get some footage for him or a video
out for him I'm gonna go I was getting a
bunch of Gatorades get his medication
because he needs it but he came and get
up to go get it and just whatever we can
to help you know because if ooh someone
else Brandon would be doing whatever he
could be helping on anyone and like we
just wanted the same thing frame you
know we're like brothers were all boys
we'd do anything for each other but
after all this going on he's been doing
everything just to try to like get video
out record another video alright guys so
we got someone to pick me up my boy Jay
right here Jordan you know what's up
what's up yeah honestly Brandon would do
this for any of us but we're trying to
get him better anything back to help
honestly I'm here for it so I know this
isn't right but this is the first place
we go for Brandon even if it doesn't eat
it right now no Brandon's favorite
candies yeah those bears but the sour
ones that's his favorite and they move
on to pharmacy and then drinks and then
we'll go from there
chocolate it's a little he likes more
gummy sweet berries look they have these
but he likes the sour version of the
right here they don't have so we asked
him in the back should we go that far
for Brendan yeah we would he go in the
back and Escobedo gummy bears for us I
was going up on the toilet ten times
today yeah but was Brandon do that for
us that's a tough one that I definitely
would yeah hey Downey wants to throw
coins right now yeah but imagine
throwing a bet Brett so you go sour
patch kids he's not even saying oh we
got the shoes two times bigger it's a
past sour patch adults
Funyuns I'm home like right after he
gets better
oh you know what he needs tied if you
need to clean clothes you probably throw
up on them this is the hard part we
don't know which tied Brennan likes this
smell good hey you know what he wants
some Gatorade the yellow one ginger ale
we've got a bunch of drinks a bunch of
stuff over there some tide for sure but
we decide want to go to smart final Jay
wants to go above and beyond some extra
stuff above and beyond may make him
smile a little bit yeah I agree
let's go Oh maybe the tide here was a
little bit of crisis yeah it was crazy
Oh fresh-squeezed orange juice would be
good
water cool cool wait try it so we know
it's good
is it actually good
Mojo's amazing J what did you just find
any of the big bag oh my god he's gonna
be so happy but is it like torture
though cuz you know looking at him he
can't eat it oh that's true but maybe
he's gonna want to get better faster i
think if he eats want it won't kill him
I haven't at the point he's a devious
one he'll throw up right away
so not only we're gonna go with you know
the gummies born Jews funny we're gonna
go with some flowers for him to even
open up a new line hey J I think instead
of all this we should get him the bean
boozled let him think is candy yeah I
got the goods
hey what's up how you feeling yeah how
you killing seven oh seven I haven't
left my bed all day and it's 7 p.m. and
here's still thinking about recording a
video
we tried helping you we thought like you
know so we went and got you some stuff
see these right here special - from Jase
he said he wanted to pick these out
special for you to see well show what
you have no way no we're not pranking
you
aren't you funny I told you I don't know
you're either gonna get disgusted I know
hold on hold on this one's a good one
this is a good one
a big bag hey I told this is torture
though because like you can't eat it and
then we got some more stuff for you all
right guys you Hey
I noticed that you were wearing that
tags we could get you some of this it
was running low I keep going for a
handshake to say thank you hey please we
got a drink this bro drinking on camera
in the store else pulling it up it's
fresh orange rub yeah it's fresh it
opens oranges in front of you that's the
prayer what's it what's it what supports
that's the pray once it it's so good
good well it's a machine in front of you
all cut something half and makes them oh
I want you to feel downs we got you some
flowers bro dry enough yeah please
you like those candid yeah I threw up
seven times throughout the night seven I
couldn't even go to sleep and look I
popped a blood vessel in my eye
I don't know how abaut name that's crazy
thank you guys so much we regarding the
camera if I need what's for like this
you'd be running around going crazy
doing it so you're still watching the
Sun game I fell asleep during god you
should have seen how I was editing my
video earlier what can I show them I
sure like this I'm not making fun of it
is the light though it was like this it
was like this on the bed and he was like
sleepy can willing did and they're
waking up and finishing and then blend
sleep they wake him up I literally
editing in my sleep that like I don't
know how I got the video done but videos
up right now dedication me shout out to
my boys for bringing me the gifts and
the songs are winning right now Jordan
tried to make me go to the gym that was
a joke and we go against getting sick
Jordan I'm not getting sick well there's
no way there's no way I'm getting like
that
hey I'm dumb for not wearing this all
day yesterday oh say no walking strapped
oh my ha ha ha
thank you I broke the morning I was like
dying I was throwing up and everything
and I get a text from Jordan as a joke
he's like bro I got next you want to
play basketball and I said yeah bro sure
I swear he I thought he was actually
gonna come I had to make sure he knew
was a joke leaving me man how long has
it been
oh it's been like six sorry it's been
like six months since you've left dennis
is going back to Arizona that's where
his family lives he's going back for the
holidays he's staying for Christmas and
New Year's so you won't be seeing Dennis
in the videos for what Dennis ten days
they see me we're not seeing you well
I'm gonna miss being in the vlogs now
I'm not gonna watch your videos how are
you gonna chase cloud hey if you think
about I don't need to see my family oh I
need my break from Dennis it's been so
long no guys but really I'm gonna miss
Dennis I've been with him every day for
like six months so it's gonna feel so
weird but I respect that he needs to go
see his family it's family support he's
gonna spend Christmas my other family
who's your first family you bow you guys
so this is how like you told me to say
that I'm gonna miss you guys
mumble out everything my momma no lie
exactly man going anywhere so mama out
officially yo guys the sun's are down by
one with 36 seconds left let's see what
happens booker isn't playing he's still
injured TJ Warren to Isaiah Canaan pig
my bender Oh Troy Daniels for three yes
oh my god oh my god you guys already
know how bad I want to scream but I
can't scream right now oh my god yes
guys you know it's 8:30 p.m. right now
and I still haven't got up out of bed
I haven't even ate anything all day
whatever I eat I feel like I'm gonna
throw it back up you know guys I'm here
to close out this video today by saying
that I honestly believe I have the best
group of friends on earth like I just I
love my friends they do so much for me
and not just my friends but all of you
guys all the ballade squad and on top
all day you guys have been showing me so
much support and so much love on Twitter
and Instagram and everything it actually
helps me feel
thank you guys so much for that I don't
know what's going on right now I might
be going back to the emergency room
because yesterday the doctor told me
that if I start throwing up or if I feel
any worse then I should go back and I'm
not gonna lie I actually feel much worse
than yesterday which makes no sense
because because he gave me medicine and
he told me what to do to feel better I
don't know I just feel much worse and
then I don't know if you guys could see
right down but yesterday night when I
was throwing up like I said I threw up
like seven or eight times yesterday so
when I was throwing up I looked up at
the mirror and I saw this I looked it up
and I guess it's a pop blood vessel so
you're throwing up and coughing at the
same time and like you have a headache
there's already so much pressure in your
head that I could pop a blood vessel so
I guess that's what happened it's 9 p.m.
and this is the first time that I've
left my room this is the first time that
I've gotten out of bed and I haven't a
anything I'm starving but my stomach
feels really upset if I eat anything I
feel like I'm gonna throw it up so I
don't think I'm gonna eat anything today
but I feel really tired so I think I'm
gonna go back to sleep yo Jordan Dennis
I don't even know what you guys felt but
they said that they got a video done for
me so thank you guys so much because
believe it or not the whole day I was
stressed about what video I'm gonna film
and I couldn't think of anything and I
guess they filmed something for me so
thank you guys so much for that I'm
almost gonna kill him I'm almost like
Brandon you're not uploading just take a
day off and I'm just like mother it's
okay but yeah guys once again thank you
so much for all the support you're gonna
show me it actually makes you feel a
whole lot better I'm gonna close this
video out right now guys drop a like if
you enjoyed subscribe to the channel if
you are new and other than that guys
it's Brandon aka waters and I'm out
peace yo guys so it's the next morning
right now and I not have finished the
video like I closed it out already but I
had to put this part in the video so I
woke up and I feel good like look I'm
out of bed and it's early I edited my
video and I only threw up one time last
night and look I've crackers is the
first time I'm meeting in like two days
I don't know what it is but I feel much
better than yesterday so last night my
mom was telling me to go to
emergency room because on this sheet of
paper it literally says if you vomit a
bunch of times after being diagnosed
with the flu then you got to go back to
the emergency room because the flu could
be advancing and I told my mom I said
mom listen I know you want me to go back
to the doctors but how about you just
come here I just wanted to see my mom I
know they called me a mama's boy call me
whatever you want but I wanted to see my
mom so my mom made the drive all the way
down here she put on a mask and she came
in my room and I'll go to my mom for a
little bit till I fell asleep and then I
woke up this morning and like I'm not
gonna lie I'd be like oh I feel great I
feel fine but I feel much better than
yesterday and it's crazy maybe just like
a mother's touch or I don't know what it
was but look at me guys I'm freakin
eating something look this feels so
weird
yesterday I was struggling to even keep
my eyes open and now I'm awake I ended
in my whole video early I only do it one
time like I said yesterday I throw up
like seven or eight times now I only
throw up one time it's that's fine with
me I'll take it I don't know it's crazy
I feel like it's because of my mom
because of my close friends and also
because of you guys you guys showed me
so much love so thank you guys so much
and look I've even been doing this look
the candy that Jordan got me I can't
swallow it because I know I'll throw up
but I chew it I'll get all the flavor
help and the night spit it out look
that's what I've been doing cuz I can't
swallow it but I feel good enough to
chew it man I'm not gonna lie yesterday
was probably one of the worst days of my
life it was just crazy like the flu with
bronchitis with a pop blood vessel
throwing up you know having inhaler for
like some asthma I don't know it was
just crazy
but I kept eyeing myself you know things
could always be worse it could always
get worse so I'll just trying to keep
myself a happy and I was just trying to
keep myself whatever I couldn't even
move I was so weak whenever somebody was
trying to talk to me I couldn't even
open my eyes and I think yesterday out
of 24 hours in the day I think I slept
like 19 or 20 hours my mom was so
worried she's like Brandon you can't
even stay awake and you didn't even take
any medicine like I couldn't even move
my arm up or anything and then now look
at me like I'm just lucky I'm so so
lucky right now
I'm even able like I don't know what to
say guys but I think I'm gonna close the
video out for I think I'm gonna close
the video up for real now guys the main
goal is to just feel better by Christmas
because Christmas you know it's family
time and you know I don't want to get
anybody else sick for Christmas but I'll
see you in the next video and just
remember I love you guys all
