so my ex-boss just called me and he
asked me to bring in some food and I
love my boss he did everything for me
when I worked for him so getting him
food isn't gonna be a problem he wants
tawny it's Labor Day and every pretty
much everything's closed so I got
nothing to do I just finished riding my
Phoenix Suns article about Archie
Goodwin you guys want to check that out
the links in the description below so it
was my xbox birthday like for three days
ago
can I have this thing playing I couldn't
make it
I couldn't visit it so this is kind of
making up for it again I'm too cheap to
turn on the windows
the lover legged gotta get a world tour
it's got a world tour girl I know
okay so here's my boss that I was
talking about Billy would you say Thank
You Brandon for the food and for the
birthday gift and I appreciate your
welcome Billy guys is the best boss I've
ever had in my life you were one of the
best workers I had thank you and Kathy
one of the best co-workers I had hi
Billy
Brandon I love you thank you very much
you're welcome
enjoy that Mosely I just went and
brought Billy some food so I was just
showing in my room and one of my friends
texted me asking
go work out and I told him it's Labor
Day the gyms closed and he said are you
stupid the gyms open so I called the gym
and it turns out they're actually open
so I'm gonna go work out really quick
good thing he texted me because I really
thought they were closed I didn't even
make sure anything I just thought they
were closed I literally I eat like four
of these a day like at least three in
through by the footage so good whoever
made this I love you whoever invented I
love you you're mine I love you
okay well I just finished my workout you
guys can't tell I said some legs quads
calves my legs are done um yeah I didn't
wanna I don't like bringing my camera
inside the gym because I don't know it's
just weird I wouldn't I don't know I
don't like bring my camera inside the
gym proof I puzzler speaks English
Bosley
you wanna give me a kiss come here come
give me a kiss you want to treat so
why'd you walk over when I said you want
to treat but you didn't walk over when I
asked for a kiss so you do want to treat
give me five
sit sit here
that's it no more go to sleep
time for the worst part of the day
protein shake a bunch of you guys are
gonna recognize this cup from my brother
but actually user for my protein shakes
it comes in handy
this is my this is one my mom needs me
they all taste so close to me some
people are like well you got to find the
right one no I've tried so much so
there's my MBA article on the front page
of the MBA section
check that out if you guys want
it's been I'd say 45 minutes to an hour
I still have about half of it left take
one more sip right now but yeah that
concludes today's on vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed it or me and my boy goran
dragic we hope you guys enjoyed it some
of you guys are gonna be saying why
would you bring your ex-boss food blah
blah he meant so much to me um like
while I worked there he honestly made my
job so easy and like he was more than
just a boss to me so like if he ever
asked for something small like that I'm
obviously gonna do it for him but yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video and
leave a like leave a comment in the
description on my Twitter Instagram
snapchat if you want to check out the
article I wrote it's all gonna be in the
description below and thank you guys for
watching
