okay really quick you guys um so my
brother just finished pranking me he
took my phone while I was asleep and he
put it in a Gatorade bottle he set that
Gatorade bottle under my counter to
where I couldn't see it and he set the
alarm off really loud so I was woken up
and I was like you know just all that I
went to sleep at 4:00 a.m. last night he
woke me up around 9:00 with that so I'm
gonna get rug back you guys watch um
he's out getting us food right now I'm
not sure how much longer he's gonna take
but instead of explaining what I'm gonna
do I'm just gonna let you guys watch
this and I know for a fact you guys are
going to enjoy this so let's see how
this goes
we're going to get one of the watch he's
breaking chick-fil-a for the both of us
I kind of feel bad but once he walks
through that door it's over
oh my god
Brydon is wrong Ryan I'm so sorry I love
you so much
come here I brought her and brought you
chick fillet I got you a towel though hi
boys so phase one here trying to enjoy
him trying to enjoy chick-fil-a Brian I
love you oh so there you guys have it
I'm still laughing cuz I just watched
the clip um do you guys have it I got my
brother pretty bad honestly but he's
pranked me two times one time being the
lottery prank and the other time being
this morning when he put my phone in a
Gatorade bottle and hid it under my
counter maybe he was a little harsh but
it's all in love my brothers in the
shower right now cleaning all that oil
off of him okay fresh out the shower
cleaned up how do you feel after
bringing you chick-fil-a I walk into the
after pranking me oh yeah well I did
prank him in the morning but I don't
really think about that but I forgot me
like that the prank war is going to
resume and it's my turn Nick so you
don't want to do that you don't want to
do that I'm the prankster you so okay
tell them how your ass feels oh it's
pretty it's pretty nice it's pretty
solid now but but yeah you want me
though I got I got rogue good what in
that oil like you can't stop yourself
like you just look so yeah I really hope
you guys enjoyed that video I'm sure you
guys did so drop a like if you guys did
and I'm Brandon I'm out rug out peace
peace
