alright guys so imma be playing my
brother one-on-one and NBA 2k he's the
video gamer but I'm the NBA guy so there
no idea who's gonna win I'm gonna win
I'm a beast at 2k I rarely play 2k we
just downloaded the um current rosters
so I got Tyson Chandler on the sons and
my brother has jailed green and Amar'e
Stoudemire on the heat so way back here
oh I'm player one okay you're getting is
really I don't play any video games I
don't play 2k I don't play call of duty
I don't play anything so but I don't
lose with the Sun so it doesn't matter
alright we'll see you oh yeah this this
video is actually highly requested for
my channel but my brother wanted to do
it for his channel so why not such a
nice brother I know first what I'm gonna
do is benchmarking Morris for us
complaining so let's do that first Q
wait that's actually quite you could
download like the updated Ross I knows
not and you have justice Winslow should
we get to see you guys I'm excited feels
like it's gone
we're gonna do the rocks isn't yeah Oh
time to benchmark Eve so next time
Markieff Morris wants to complain this
is what's going to happen TJ Warren
you're in a power forward the sons are
going to go super small a bunch of
scoring but already I need to lose that
three minute quarters by the way guys
so easy he's really gonna burn you're
going jogging
I still feel pain in my heart every time
I see draaga Jinnah my Jersey okay no
foul just like really no Falcon PJ
Tucker the heart and soul the Phoenix
Suns I should have him guarding wait
okay what was the point of signing Tyson
Chandler's we're not gonna protect the
ring are you gonna buy two pieces two of
you I don't like video games if I poke -
wait what a fell bad court what the hell
sorry Goren okay you know I think you
could still see him kind of slide
have a problem oh wow no son how do you
set pigs I actually don't know that's
tough
how do you do LED cheater he always
played this game no no no I haven't
played this game since I went to face
outside sandwich was in April when are
you going to a phase house on my boat is
leaving to the phase house tomorrow by
the time you guys are watching very good
to thing just like real life
where you want me to embarrass you in
front of you like on your channel or
drama go easy if I knew how to set pigs
I don't know if they pick and roll with
Tyson Chandler deadly Oh skip relation
dang are you sure we throw we mean he's
at 80% free-throw shoulder bar you old
ex until it does you know to validate
what you say so hot in your room all of
the Chris Bosh came back from his injury
I hate video games why you're good at it
I'm not doing that okay how do you say
hey like look it up or some shit on
anything should I my wine
yeah look at how to set a pig please
we're certain tax circles for a
Playstation like this guy is explosive
but so it's emotes not showing me that
he's trapped on a player from the way
response to adversity Eric Bledsoe
no okay Joe gonna miss that rather than
get frustrated you really made the most
of those learning experiences and now
it's Hangul how justice window guarding
booklet so wait who is that
Tyson oh that sounds good that's what
he's gonna be doing all night before
he's gonna be grabbing offensive rebound
good you're gonna be guarding the rim or
next season to be a great rim protector
I'll know about today's game wait I
literally missed me anyway I cannot wait
to the pic I said a people go touch him
or was it would be PJ Tucker the
greatest mid-range shooter in NBA
history start of my degree come on oh
shoot
uh he's okay shooter here's Chalmers
okay there's no way Mario Chalmers with
five seconds
QJ w warned
that's what oh my God look how much it
looks like Tyson Charlie 14 to 11 first
quarter not bad three minute quarters
here I'll bring Markieff in just cuz I
feel bad come back Markieff keep your
mouth shut
by the way I'm so happy Marcus isn't on
the team any great be great D my
brothers literally burning me with the
heat who have Gordon draw H Amar'e
Stoudemire and jail green in case you
guys didn't know all those names those
names are kind of familiar in the
Phoenix Suns organization nope
no Chris Bosh um best mid-range shooter
in the room by the way guys I'm not a
Heat fan I just Brandon told me to be
the heat my gosh like my team's thanks
like really nice three I know I love
Tyson Chandler such a great pick I've
even seen him in action from the Sun
well yeah this isn't what I'm doing with
him in this game is exactly going to be
doing next season orange out green down
I'm literally gonna cry next season when
I see gel beam and in a hate uniform on
January 8th a I don't believe you wait
are we gonna go to that game well I am
for sure if you want to come hey you
can't close that one on January 8th I'm
driving to phoenix to see that he and
Suns where we're coming to that for sure
you come Goren jargons return to Phoenix
I'm gonna cry so much I swear haha
already knew you would
oh okay what's that one oh yeah it was
it passed way I'm really gonna lose we
are doing.we Wayne why mine
random until you're the best to keep why
is markeith not in the game i subsidy oh
come on now II alive gl what I'd done
from the three-point line
yo no are they calling those about how
can I not score all right guys no oh you
got no Tyson shot 67 percent from the
field last year really second-best in
the Oh second best in the league go to
good MonaVie fucker good deed okay no
that is not what I know what makes that
just like that fucking four-point swing
maybe I have to sub them out to give
them energy yeah it's probably Tyson
childhood greater playing NBA history I
don't even need to use Alex land
oh go go go go I'm trying to think who
likes Oh with his Clippard a dung
21:21
dang look like hell to an inn let's see
who after the game of challenge okay no
that was not the deal
my brother scared you when it comes to
video games
am I the real phase Road thanks for the
why don't we let me I only let him make
that kudos draw to enroll TJ Warren the
half-day buckets corn Warren
you guys ever heard of himself TJ Warren
yet just wait till next season maybe if
we do from the start screen oh ma
keifa's anyway let's go guys don't get
me wrong I love Markieff Morris and I
like he's so underrated but you can't
you're gonna leave me wide open for the
rain you can't talk about the
organization that drafted you and gave
you a four-year extension like that
won't care if you traded your damn
brothers
let's all who would Draghi trick the
strongboard where's the foul we're in
the FAL you literally hacked me that was
literally an intentional foul they
didn't call it don't please no draw each
drug which is four four four things does
not remind us of something okay
Oh Brandon is why is he drug into your
life none oh that's a foul of course I
never get the ambulance because it's the
heat don't the refs know they don't have
LeBron anymore
there's a go out until you know that you
don't have lebron in one I'm taking PJ
Tucker out I love PJ Tucker but in the
game he's useless basically have four
minutes to come back and win come on
Tyson wait I have to take PJ Tucker oh
wait look at all my players energy put
Alex land it you guys want to see some
Devin Booker rookie action here do this
for my fans it's probably gonna be
better in 2k 16 homers in we're going
Drudge you guys don't know Devin Booker
just watch klay Thompson and you'll know
who did
creep rains liquid shot a guy in a
wide-open look every single I guarantee
you when Gerald Green comes to Phoenix
and faces the Sun he's gonna score 100
points no I'm not joking cuz jail green
is such an emotional play on and the
sun's ain't even oh my
oh is that stuff sodomite has been
working on it's three points I swear no
no to seal the deal
wait actually no and you get the
offensive rebound
of course off the half-court shot please
god no
oh come on
can he miss it
alright you want no Tyson Chandler
former defensive player of the year 2011
NBA champion please no yes boss shit
shit you're not missing one with other -
hey I'll get it - sons of going 306 in
the third quarter 50% from the field
don't you love my defense
you love your defense okay
Bledsoe is not that scrawny Bledsoe so
strong well with porky film acceptance
would Devin Booker okay uh the Ukrainian
monster Alex land that was the third
straight high percentage look this
doesn't mean if you guys don't know out
come on
I'll go by wrong pussy please go
I bought my eye blood on my time I
cannot block shots anymore what would
you do admit you made out literally turn
off the game not post a video alright
actually a close one pre scared oh my
god these are always oh my god only
three minute
Hey without D the good da why did you
shoot that I love you Oh words to us by
gosh ditching Bing gotta get more okay
Birdman is 50 years old
come on I'm gonna stop doing Lu
it is cools night and at the point guard
Devin bunker for three
Barney kakuka don't worry do ya how
realistic to K because marques worthless
fucking pastime usual I actually he
probably would
that's like you know queries on nice put
the daggers starters take Brendon Knight
out cuz you got dunked on by your own I
have a flight in oh it not bad
fifteen hours wait yeah I know I'm gonna
I'm really gonna leave Devin Booker and
more I forgot to check in you do it over
there really yeah
nine points for Dwyane Wade how much
man's real by five stop how is that not
a fucking sound no TJ I love TJ Warren
he's actually made some clutch shots the
rook was the legend no no no no no no
how do you keep leaving oh yeah fuck you
how does he wait why do you keep letting
him open
oh no my defense is like the sun's real
life all mine Oh get up David oh nice
nice again hey why did it my subsidy
keep probably forget the confirms
friends again changes for Felix
oh no Chandler who's Chester Victor
Kevin there's always something for nice
okay hold on do they know who Devon
Booker is probably not yet
five this position yeah just possession
my head no awesome backward he missed
that
Tyson Chandler never bad John is why am
I gonna throw this game not gonna throw
it uh rotor nose hey what the hell's on
heart please don't please go although
they live in a one-point game and now we
got this fast break and Tyson's deep
draw gauge this one minute left but all
night
I love waiting that was all Jong age oh
here's gotta three yes those with eye
damage i damn it what is wrong with me
they literally need some any blood so
strong or he wasted 205 huh god what no
how did you freaking steal that no
here's one ah no no no Devin Booker
I love that mugger Devin burgers are you
kidding
this is up my fucking spot Hey foot one
more stop
dang national attention you wait why is
Dane doing why would I even give it to
him in a situation like no we're not hey
wait I mean in a journalism our cave oh
don't miss horn because I'm gonna win it
I'm gonna go to the game wait why me
Markieff please stay with the sons are
your about that what no timeouts for me
let me schools members booth no way drop
dragon hey motherfucker hey that's not
bad
why I could have scored even now Tyson
if I'm is both a mushy distinction how
do I call him now come on do it
I don't annoy yes watch we need to hold
on if anybody watched the Phoenix Suns
last season you know it's coming right
now a game with a game-winning
three-pointer by the heat if always it
is actually like a fucking the sun's
lost at the buzzer five times last
season's five the most of the NBA in the
past ten years
really yeah fuck for a second who do I
give it to out wait hold on hold on hold
on any water it's so scary I don't know
we should shoot it hey what bring that
shit animal fries no fries
yeah why did I get bashed the last shot
Chris Bosh wait were you scared a night
shot I was sighs shit myself
so if there's any indication the Phoenix
Suns are winning the NBA championship
next year what if you won't won't happen
like if the Suns okay let me tell you
this I'm not delusional I'm not a Laker
fan I don't believe that the Suns are
winning the championship next year if
the Sun somehow won the championship
though my soul would not be a logic
speak if they even made it to the finals
I would be dead from happening so I
wouldn't be able to experience them
winning it okay another window see all
right say you're at row so just like you
guys asked for 1v1 and 2k first my
brother rug even though he's the video
gamer I'm the NBA guys so what just
happened i won
we'll do a rematch if you guys want to
with a challenge at the end that one
smash 500 likes
yeah we have to smash five on your
lights what's the most likes I've gone
on video okay well this one day I have a
challenge it was the first one the next
one will definitely have a challenge
which means I'll probably lose but yeah
thank you guys for watching peace out
