what's up everybody Brandon Awad is here
with my brother on my rug what's the rug
like I promised you guys yesterday we're
gonna do a Q&A with the question that
you guys asked so I got my brother here
uh all these clothes all these questions
I didn't get all of them but I got a
majority of them so and this is in
random order start off this one is for
me what would you do if Lamarck if your
brother bought you a LaMarcus Aldridge
Spurs Jersey for Christmas I'm not one
to waste gifts but that one's going in
the fireplace honestly I was planning no
you're not
you got me Eric Bledsoe Jersey okay this
one is from a girl named Nicole are you
single if so call me I'm single my
twitter is gonna be in the description
you slide in my DMS rug this one's for
you Suns or heat I'm gonna have to say
the sun's yeah good will you be in more
of Brian's videos let you answer that uh
yeah if I think of like good video ideas
your first year be in my future videos
does rug go crazy after hitting a
trickshot let me tell you guys what I
hear when you hear such a joke oh my god
oh my god no way I just did that I just
hit that no way so if I did have to
answer that yeah rug goes crazy opening
a trickshot like oh here's a good one
Kylie Jenner meets both of you guys and
loved Brandon but not you what would you
do I would just be like depressed kinda
like I would just be sad and I wouldn't
smile any other day for the rest of your
life yeah okay this person asked me what
my YouTube goals are I pretty much don't
I don't plan on getting as big as my
brother I pretty much just use this to
post my basketball thoughts maybe
sometimes a praying sometimes a
challenge but it's pretty much just for
my basketball thoughts um why did both
of you start YouTube well for me like I
said I just want a place to post my
basketball videos and if my friends
asked me Oh what are your thoughts on
this then I could just link them for
that Brian I started YouTube because I
really liked Rick
like back in the day me and my IRL
friend would just watch trickshotting
videos and i'd want to like start
recording and i bought like a dazzle and
stuff and i just want to start youtube
from there and started off with Call of
Duty trick shawnee okay our favorite NFL
team chargers were from San Diego so go
chargers how tall are you guys I'm five
nine five foot six five six one thing
that you late for me to grow alright
stop cutting you still have like two
more years hopefully you better pray one
thing that we know about each other but
nobody else knows there's a hard one I'd
say something I know about my brother
and nobody else does
he has road rage he may look like a calm
calm little man but you go slow in front
of him when he's driving he won't be too
happy yeah you one thing that I know
about my brother that you guys probably
don't know is that he's in love with
Latinas like he is sucker for them he
literally loves lucky I love mixing
girls yeah okay Brian this one's from me
and you will the Phoenix Suns make the
playoffs I might just leave this short
yes they will Brian like I said
yesterday they might fall one game
behind but and you might fall out of my
room say that one more time okay here's
who is a better three-point shooter all
I'll give this to Brian I'll give a
better three-point shooter to Brian but
then someone asked my brother is a
better bass yeah someone who's the
better basketball player like my brother
knows how to like do everything in
basketball he does not a drive in either
like what I was gonna dust I'm better
than my brother basketball but he has a
shot over me oh here I want to say this
okay your funniest moment with rug so a
lot of you guys might not know this but
me and my brother were big WWE fans you
saw BW be big we would make videos like
we would set a camera up and record
ourself like wrestling and do like moves
and I had a picture frame about the size
of my TV hanging up on my wall it was a
Shark Tale one it's the movie shark tail
over yeah I was hung up right behind me
and it was all glass
so I had told my brother for the video
that he's gonna like get up and turn
around slowly while I hold the camera
frame or the picture frame and smash it
on his head
I didn't literally mean smash I just
meant you know hit it on his head and
then just like the top and make it seem
like it hurt yeah I guess seem like I
got hit yes so my brother turns around
slowly and I had the shark tail frame I
didn't even hit him that hard I hit on
his head next thing you know the glass
bashes all over his head there's glass
all over the floor the shark tail
favorite okay my brother has like
chicken and birds around his head flying
he's literally like I'm surprised he's
still alive honestly like I don't know
how that has literally bastard
the shark yell first post-roman and I
wish I still had the video but that was
on a camera from like 6 or 7 years ago
that we no longer have
I was video ever yeah another funny
moment that I would say would probably
when my brother was giving my older
cousin attitude at at a mall at the food
core and I turn around and my cousin was
smashing the table on my brother for
talking back what car do you guys drive
Mercedes CLA 250 what year 2015 I Drive
a 2014 Lexus IS F Sport I think we're
both pretty content with our cars right
now um who would win in an arm-wrestle
well I mean we could arm wrestle right
now but I already know the answer
what's the answer e oh my god my brother
says he'll win so we're gonna arm
wrestle for you guys right now
all right ready set it ah no way one
more one more best two out of three this
is cheap because you work out everything
ready set go
okay all right we're done so who would
win in an arm wrestle just prove that
rug how do you feel about having a
brother who's very obsessed with the
sons this has been like this for what
five years yep okay all I have to say is
that when there are sons games on like
the day of son's game like I don't want
to be home because my brother is either
like screaming yelling smashing stuff
I'm in my room and I just hear oh I hear
what happens what
one in my head the wretch makes a bad
call okay this chair flicks you throw I
don't even know it's crazy like okay
let's leave it at that that's how my
brother feels about one day guys I'm
gonna put a hidden camera in his room
during the Sun getting like an important
son's game and you guys will see okay
but what happens when they win you have
super happy area okay this one's for me
what do you think about your brother
being big on YouTube and like being in
phase I'm happy for my brother I know
people who would be like jealous or envy
him I'm happy for him if someone asked
me what my brother does I tell them oh
check out his YouTube he has ten billion
subscribers like blah blah like that so
I'm happy for him I think it's cool I
hope I get as big as him not for video
gaming but for NBA news and reports drug
this is for you
do you want your brother to grow his
YouTube channel yeah I mean why not like
he's smart about the NBA and like people
should watch it like if you want to know
about the NBA just watch Brandon this
one's for me do you play Call of Duty I
used to back in the day like when modern
warfare 2 was big scar-h grenade
launcher on wasteland carriers chopper
gunner a new scar-h grenade launcher I
would hide behind heartbeat sensors when
I was trying to play for real but then I
got into my new tube days where I would
I would look up on YouTube where to
stand early oh my and I would grenade
launch right into the spawn yeah in
domination and I would get nukes oh my
god if I so fun if I had what people
would tell me over the mic oh my gosh
people hated me so much but who got more
nukes so so yeah I don't play Cod right
now I actually don't play any video
games I just like just not fun people
are surprised I don't play NBA 2k I just
don't play video games do you this one's
for me do you love the Suns more than
rug loves kylie jenner yes like yes I do
I love the sun's and my brother loves
Kylie Jenner like he would give up his
left foot just to talk to Kylie Jenner
but that just proves how much I love the
sons I would like I think my love for
the sons is ten levels above my bed love
for Kylie Jenner what would your life be
without your obsession for the sons
first of all I appreciate all these sons
questions
like talking about the sounds if I
wasn't obsessed with the sons I honestly
don't know what my life would be because
thing about I'm going to school for a
journalism and media broadcast because I
want to write and report for the sons
um I motto my basketball game after the
Suns players I look forward to watching
the NBA season because of the Suns so
like you did on it like my YouTube
channels me talking about the sun's when
I go to gym and talk to my friends talk
about the Sun so like honestly if I
didn't have the suns like I was I don't
know like I can't even imagine life
without the Sun I already know my
brother's gonna be an analyst like I'm
gonna be something for the Suns even if
I'm scrubbing the food even from
scrubbing the Phoenix on score on my
hand and knees for free with no pay then
I'll be happy
rug who's your favorite NBA team well
you know on watch like I watch a lot of
games like from different teams I just
like watching different team but he
knows mostly about the Suns because of
me yeah okay this one and I'm sorry
Bosley's Brandon a contract to play for
the signs or Bosley did not even know
quit I'm sorry Bosley but I would
literally get rid of a million Bosley's
just to play for the Suns like yeah so
Bosley I'm so sorry
Bosley yeah someone asked if I read this
someone asked if I would play for the
Suns get a contract militant or choose
you I'm so sorry but I would choose the
Suns contract easily
I'm sorry Bosley I love Bosley but this
is really not really a question like
sorry Bosley okay okay okay relax
oh here Brian yeah this one's from me
and you separate people asked thoughts
on the Mavs and thoughts on the Blazers
and whether we think they'll make the
playoffs
I honestly think both of those teams are
out of the playoffs the Blazers for
obvious reasons they got rid of five of
their top six best players that's not
Willard right yeah that's like the Suns
losing Bledsoe Markieff Brandon Knight
Tyson Chandler and PJ Tucker in one
offseason the Blazers got super young
they got really young and they're going
to be really good in like three years
but for Nexus is not looking good and
the Mavs um let's see they lost
Tyson Chandler rajon rondo montale
this Amar'e Stoudemire al-farouq Aminu
they lost all of them but who do they
have today I mean they they signed
Darren Darren Williams whose B's he's
pretty much done I don't know I'm gonna
make the playoffs yeah and then they got
Zaza Pachulia they got West Matthews but
he's coming off the injury he might not
even play at the beginning of next year
so I think both of those teams are uh
falling out of the playoffs for me and
being so bad you know doesn't who
doesn't like okay Bryan for me and you
would you rather have a guaranteed
million dollars or a 50-50 chance at a
billion so like the 50 good gentle you
need to get zero either get zero or a
billion dollars I would do a gig Dean a
billion is like so much more I would
honestly take that that's a hug that's
art I would take a guaranteed million
but I wouldn't blame anyone who takes a
50/50 chance cuz a billion dollars a
guaranteed meal I can't maybe it's not
as you are have you guys ever been
noticed in public I haven't been noticed
in public for my NBA show I've been
noticed in public as face drugs brother
at work and when we were going to a
Clippers and Suns game what about you
yeah yeah because you know it's in
public Jay Cole or Drake Jay Cole no I'm
I'm going to I love Jay Cole but no you
said you don't like you
I like Jay Cole but Drake is just like
it's Drake like how are you gonna not I
don't dislike drink by drinking I drink
and drive all the time like I know you
can't go wrong with Drake okay last one
what are our reactions to pretty much
what do we think about father-son
Chaldean show
okay father-son Chaldean show I just
don't like looking back at it now how
young we were I honestly don't
understand one how we spoke the language
so fluently what came - I don't know -
why did he want it the storylines that
we had they were not planned we would
honestly turn the camera on and just go
with it and I want to thank my brother
for letting me slap the shit out of him
so many times because none of that was
fake no that was planned Oh
I don't even like I messed up there's so
many times where we would just start
dying while yeah we would have to start
all over but yeah when my when my mom
found out I saw her mom we got picked up
from wagon high middle school we were
like oh seven things that we get in the
car and my mom's on the phone and like
she just oh my god she forced us to pull
them up and she watched them she got
really mad just think it's super funny
if you guys aren't Chaldean or don't
really speak the language you guys will
understand it but my brother obviously
did a video of it like translating it
they were really funny Brian some people
are asking if we would ever do one again
that would be like I think if we did one
again I'll probably go to jail because I
look like I'm 20 and my brother looks
like he's 15 so someone call the cops
but yeah I just think it's really funny
and like they're good video to look back
on like when one we get older it's gonna
be funny to watch yeah we used to get
recognized we used to go to like we
should go to Arabic party then people
would be like are you guys from yeah we
were like 13 so yeah I'm not sure if I'm
gonna put the link to those in the
description but I'll get up in there
yeah that's pretty much all the
questions that we answer if we didn't
get your question I'll do another one
again with my brother there are actually
good questions like I actually like the
question yeah they're good questions so
I hope you guys enjoyed this video if
you guys want to see more videos with
rug which obviously do just drop a live
drop a comment whatever you guys want to
do and that's it I'm Brandon I'm out
peace rose
