all right you guys so what you guys are
about to witness is my very first
attempt at a vlog I have no idea what a
vlog is but you guys were asking for one
so I decided to do one so uh I just
looked up a bunch of different vlogs on
YouTube and I kind of have an idea of
what it is it's not that hard it's
pretty simple actually
so um this is gonna be my first attempt
and my little cousin Anthony wants me to
spend the night at his house so and I'm
on summer break College semester doesn't
start for another two weeks so I'm gonna
go spend the night at his house bring my
camera along and see how that goes if
you devil
me anything yeah we went to the gym like
four hours ago and I came down and this
kid is still the same exact clothes
freshly showered say hi ah so I was
about to go home and not sleep anymore
because Anthony let me record him
watching Robin Hood Oh charity and what
were you what were you having for dinner
run away my house
you
okay I'll stop let's go see what
Anthony's up to
what are you doing
isn't this game a little too old where's
the Xbox one or ps4 right now they're
the wheel the wheel the wheel
okay okay
guitar hero god
God you sit up straight lazy ass
oh my god where are you in phase four a
guitar here right I don't even know I
don't think I played guitar in my whole
life yesterday what what difficulty is
it on expert
this heinous murder
encore anyone take this Unger from well
my guitar hero game lasted about six
seconds just like Anthony's keiki
swatching something new grandpa the best
channel on YouTube chef Anthony tricks
on AGP when you cut yourself or you're a
DP shrimp what is that in your posture
didn't know for real what is that is
shrimp can wouldn't you guys would you
say I said why keep making here noodles
Stephanie's hair uncle uncle
what is it
all things to the Phaedra piano for
Guitar Hero you dumbass ain't no dude
what okay
he was talking the noodle to me buddy
this is all that's left for the north of
us Chuck I can't be a mini Annika you
can't work out any on that decision
this just killed all your chance why I
got this one so would I get fired for
that why don't you go on Anthony oh okay
and your breath okay well I can forgive
anything
Anthony literally tried to cook one
thing he spilled all the noodles in the
sink and he burned the shrimp
I believe me just finished our work out
we didn't okay tell them what you did I
just ran I did a lot of cardio a lot
Annie
Emma did a lot of cardio I some shoulder
straps and AD do what you have is that
gamma and what are you gonna do with it
turn your car go
you
oh my god
look I'm trying
yeah - Mel Burke and son again whatever
question you know where eyebrows are
super thick is there a way to make them
thinner or no I'm just cursed because
they're like a stick of my hair ah is
that okay okay I don't know a bunch of
guys are gonna be laughing saying oh he
gets his eyebrows done I don't care it's
2015 guys get their eyebrows done isn't
that right I had a brain fog inside my
video are you making video right now
shoot I'm gonna shoot a really really
far shot if I make it Anthony
eating a fucking wallet my favorite
snack brought a ID to do all the time
sorry sir alright you get three tries
but I get three tries if I make you have
to eat
go for it
oh no oh you do waiver what if what if I
get back what if I make two in a row
imagine all i Anthony magic is I'm a
nice guy you son
two more
one more last one make it worth it let's
go fine looks good go no no no you got
to look up I'll just bite shape of it
like I can't be I don't look that can't
be phase wrong say I don't want it
what's up behind the scenes we'll get
the set up to get Rama's go what's going
on here a couple of my insights to play
out of my room I know the room is green
dome in front of me I got it painted
when I was super young Shaq sign Phoenix
Suns hat Phoenix Suns symbol signed
Phoenix
I think that's time by Bledsoe draaga
jail green PJ Tucker Markieff Morris
seen a Jersey boy on Marcy Nash son's
games I've been to side Steve Nash
Jersey sign Phoenix Suns hats I think I
think you could top my son's fan worried
about it by
winds and things my number is TJ
Warren's number isn't that right TJ
Warren
cut that's the secret
if you go to wings and things and you
don't have anything lick you sauce be
doing wrong
trust me
I guys allows my um that was my very
first descent out of log I hope you guys
enjoyed
depending on how you guys comment you
guys liked it or not I'll see if I
should do more I want to do more so I
hope you guys liked it Brandon Anthony
rug rug and we're out
