what's up everybody on today I have my
cousin Anthony um so the whole point
we're going to be playing a game the
whole point of this game is he's pretty
much gonna ask me random questions about
NBA Draft and a free agency and like
just overall questions about teams and
players and I'm gonna try to answer them
and every question I get wrong spoonful
of soy sauce spoonful of mayo favorite
spoonful of Tabasco so he's pretty much
putting my NBA knowledge to test and I
feel disrespected so without knowing the
questions I've no idea what he's gonna
ask he just told me that there's NBA
Draft and be a free agency and questions
about NBA rosters um I have not studied
anything we literally just thought of
making this video five minutes ago and
now we're doing it so I'm gonna Anthony
start off okay okay first question go
okay first question is you have to name
the NBA lottery draft what school they
went to
um what position they play and what team
paper took 2015 2015 draft in order in
order lottery number one pick
karl-anthony towns out of Kentucky power
forward Center by the Minnesota
Timberwolves number two D'Angelo Russell
point guard shooting guard Ohio State or
Los Angeles Lakers number three Jalil
Okafor out of Duke Center to the
Philadelphia 76ers number four kristaps
porzingis
he played overseas power forward Center
to the New York Knicks
number five mario hezonia he played
overseas in barcelona shooting guard to
the Orlando Magic number six will
cauley-stein power forward Center out of
Kentucky he is now played for Sacramento
Kings number seven Emmanuel mudiay he
played on overseas point guard Denver
Nuggets number a small forward from
Arizona Stanley Johnson he got picked
other Detroit Pistons number nine
Frank Kaminsky out of Wisconsin he got
picked by the Charlotte Hornets he's a
power forward five more number ten
justice Winslow small forward out a Duke
now plays for the Miami Heat number
eleven Myles Turner big man
power forward Center out of Texas got
picked by the Indiana Pacers number 12
Trey Lyles power forward picked by the
Utah Jazz out of Kentucky
number 13 my boy Devin Booker shooting
guard out of Kentucky picked by the
Phoenix Suns and number 14 Cameron Payne
to the Oklahoma City Thunder point guard
shooting are out of Murray State I
really hate come on ego another question
go okay okay
you really thought I'd get one of the
lottery picks wrong okay so and they
told me the next topic of questions is
about NBA free agency and he's gonna
tell me he's gonna ask me where the
player played what new team they're
playing for and what the terms of their
contract is I don't know how the hell
I'm supposed to know the exact terms of
the contract but I'm gonna try my best
so it'll have if you don't what's up
guys Roy what's up Rob came in in the
middle of the video interrupting me yep
get this don't make me make you play oh
no all right right here's one Tristan
Thompson he actually hasn't signed yet
try again
you should get the scoop of Tabasco for
asking
see how I basketball misses me go all
right Robin Lopez Robin lope oh my gosh
out of the turn haha Robin Lopez play
for the prone trailblazer sign of the
New York Knicks he signed four years
fifty two million dollars is that right
almost did you four years fifty two mil
yeah yeah
though the hard one to turn the next
line is Danny Green Danny Green for year
forty million dollars we sound the
Santoni spirits you play to the San
Antonio Spurs you resigned with that go
three more Cory Joseph Cory Joseph
played will disperse he signed on the
Toronto Raptors oh my gosh the terms I
have no through a three-year twenty one
four years twenty nine good damn yeah no
no yes here just do any meaning right I
literally guess would she be played for
I got which team
time love okay go Mincher switch on
meenie miney moe catch a tiger by the
toe if he hollers let it go my man
depicts the very best one in you are
take oh wait can I just do water no okay
I'll uh spoonful of mayo oh I like all
thanks to Cory Joseph Thank You Cory
Joseph
thank you so much I've never heard that
name from him that's why I picked it
because I knew by the way that was a
good deal for the Toronto Raptors only
seven million a year for Cory Joseph
coming off that bench give me it I don't
know what I hate man I don't even like
mayonnaise on my sandwiches I do look
it'd still be your hand like can you
want it before the water right now
but right there it was so that's so
freakin nasty that Mayo was oh my gosh
Anthony it's expired oh my god July 13th
I just say this July - July 13th 2015
I just ain't expired man thanks to Cory
fucking Joseph Anthony I didn't know oh
my gosh just go to more free agents you
said five I got two out of three Oh
g√∂ran drawings whoo my baby my boy
goran dragic signed a five-year 85
million dollar deal with the Miami Heat
any recited them he was a member of the
he and now he's saved me one more free
agent let's go hmm Tyson Chandler
Tyson Chandler my new favorite Center
for year 52 million dollars left the
Dallas Mavericks for my Phoenix Suns
let's go okay this next segment Anthony
has the Phoenix Suns payroll
on his phone he's gonna name a player
and I'm gonna tell him how much money
they make per year and I'm so confident
in my knowledge with the sons I doubt
I'm gonna miss one right here
just give me three players all right
three players first one Archie good
Archie Archie Goodwin is still on his
rookie contract it's controlled by the
league by his rap position he makes one
he makes around 1 million dollars per
year that's right how much he makes 1
million 160 yeah $100 yeah okay um next
is Devin Booker Devin Booker is also on
his rookie scale contract but he was
drafted before Archie Goodwin so he
makes around 2 2 and a half in two
million dollar ring hey he makes two
million $55,000 last one I mean what
give me an older player someone on a
rookie scale Markieff Markieff Morris
makes in 8 million dollars per year one
of the bomb one of the best bargain
contracts in the league eight million
dollars per year for the next four years
it starts this upcoming season so
Anthony's determined to make me get
these last two but I just don't getting
the questions right so he's moved on to
kind of tougher tougher scenario he has
Eastern Conference standings 1 through
15 and Western Conference standings 1
through 15 he's gonna give me a team and
I'm gonna have to know exactly which
place they were last season start off
give me five teams the Boston Celtics
the Boston Celtics were the eighth seed
in the Eastern Conference last year hope
7 no Oh Brooklyn was a yeah Brooklyn
that's what I get for answering too fast
you could pick they're both super bad he
never ever eat hot things like he really
this is worse than hot but I'm gonna
design ketchup is hot or like Oh where's
this you do it away got mud no I didn't
did I
add 200 I smell it just here you or me -
just waterfall yeah
oh my gosh when this one expired - no
this one
so no you can't check Fitz expires
cheese okay here I go
all because of the damn Boston Celtics
making seven seed go go go go let's go
oh my god how much would you stop oh oh
let me go wash let me go rinse out I was
fucking nasty ah
more to come buddy I'm never putting soy
sauce on anything in my whole entire
life
after that I literally just threw up in
the bathroom okay for more give me the
standings right now I the West Oh the
West Dallas Dallas was uh alright
freaking the Dallas Mavericks were they
were the seventh seat yep okay let's try
to confuse me anymore
okay so slow sauce is no that's what's
also fly me he Miami he were though they
actually missed the playoffs wouldn't
Miami Heat were told God 10th place yeah
yes I don't to more calm chill chill out
all right
um Sacramento Spurs are you stupid
are you dumb no two more teams I give
you Golden State well say it was the
number one team in the West last team
last standing you would obviously know
Phoenix alright uh Toronto Raptors
Toronto Raptors were
they had home Corrigan's Washington so
they were the fourth seat I okay Hey
so one last ingredient and Anthony still
can't get me with this so he's on -
what's your next I got you the the last
the past five years first-round picks
for the Phoenix Suns so the past five
first-round picks for the Phoenix up he
doesn't learn my knowledge about the
Suns okay I'll start off five years ago
2011 Markieff Morris first-round pick
13th overall 2012 Kendall Marshall
first-round pick 13th overall in 2013
the Phoenix Suns actually had two
first-round picks
Alex Len fifth overall and Archie
Goodwin 29th overall in 2014 the Phoenix
Suns had three first-round picks TJ
Warren at 14
Tyler Ennis at 18 and bodom Bogdanovich
at 27 cold and then um last year 2015
they had obviously Devin Booker 13th
openly hate like you gave me all you
want
how are you gonna get me with the
Tabasco I don't know how you got this
okay no more draft no more job you can
this is the last segment if I get all
these right then I'm not doing the
Tabasco you are he will do Tabasco trust
me this will get you're gonna have to
name the record with the team that I
pick the sons played against them four
times and you're gonna pick from roz
season from last season so so hole okay
give me just tell me what you're gonna
say keep going I'm kind of confused but
just tell me so like you know how the
sons played against the Clippers four
times I'm gonna tell me their wins and
OH
their head-to-head okay okay go oh my
god how about Soul Surfer okay just go
just go versus a Clippers against the
Clippers they lost the last game of the
season against the Clippers they lost
that Blake Griffin buzzer beater they
got blown just the son got swept by the
Clippers zero they won zero and lost
four times
okay that's correct really yeah I knew
it I knew it
next is the Jazz the Utah Jazz Phoenix
Suns their first loss of last season was
to the Jazz then they beat them at home
there
uh I can't remember that one last game
you thought there two and two two wins
and two losses really yeah hell yeah
hell yeah alright chill
I'm gonna give you Golden State Warriors
the Golden State Warriors the Phoenix
Suns lost a buzzer-beater
to Harrison Barnes in Golden State they
got blown out and go and say one game
they got blown out in Phoenix and they
won one game one in three
hey don't test me go one in three
against the Warriors yep the Suns did
beat the best team in the league one
time last year I go the Brooklyn Nets
they only played two times last year and
God the Phoenix Suns they beat them in
one in one they lost in Phoenix and beat
them in Brooklyn right yeah yes okay
let's go let's go
last one for real last one last one okay
last one the Memphis Grizzlies done we
got swept for oh we got swept we haven't
beat Memphis in like whoever made
everything like three years all right
I'll do it right okay no no all right
he's doing Tabasco for testing my
knowledge and failing go when I studied
three times you got me to tell only one
pump right go back my job oh my god
alright guys so that's it for today's
video just in case just for information
I had no previous knowledge of any of
these questions I didn't look any of
these questions up I did not have my
phone on me it was all from the top of
my head and his punishment for trying to
test my knowledge he got me two times
Nami soy sauce and mayo out of the
million question he asked me he did get
me two times so I give him that but his
punishment for trying to get me all
three and failing was the Tabasco so
thank you guys for watching and
Anthony's description Anthony's
informations going to be down below his
YouTube Instagram Twitter if you guys
want to follow him and I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video that's it
