what's going on everybody Brandon
Wallace here and today is sort of a
special edition of the bharatas NBA show
because rather than news or rumors
updates um I'm gonna give you guys the
answer to what pretty much all you guys
have been asking me I've been getting a
bunch of comments asking why I'm such a
big Suns fan how I became such a big
Suns fan I'm just like a bunch of
questions about my love for the Phoenix
Suns so I'm just gonna pretty much tell
you guys my crazy story about how my
life revolves around the Phoenix Suns
first of all it's only right that I wear
this shirt right um nonetheless I'm
gonna tell you guys my routine every
single day when I wake up is I grab my
cell phone while I'm still in bed and
first thing I do is I go on the Bleacher
Report app Phoenix Suns section and I
just refresh it and see if there's
anything that I need to catch up on um
Phoenix Suns related I do that I then go
on Google News and I type in the words
Phoenix Suns and anything related to the
Phoenix Suns obviously comes up the most
recent things so I catch up on that
lastly I go on Twitter because I follow
a bunch of like Phoenix Suns be writers
Phoenix Suns analysts reporters so I
pretty much just get myself updated on
the Phoenix Suns and that's how I know
I'm ready to start my day so on
now I'm gonna tell you guys pretty much
what my like how I watch Phoenix Suns
games so you know like people they have
a bunch of friends they get together and
watch a game at somebody's house or a
bunch of people go out to a restaurant
or bar and watch a game there mmm I
don't I can't do that I'm in my room by
myself right here in this chair TV right
there door closed just pretty much in my
zone watching the Phoenix Suns and
everyone in the house knows not to
bother me um no one comes in my room no
one like talks to me
they just know it's it's Suns game time
and Brandon's in his room and no one's
gonna bother him so that's pretty much
my routine which a lot of people think
is weird that I don't
enjoy watching again with other people
but I just can't like I'm too focused I
don't like to talk to other people doing
the games and like I don't like to be
bothered um I'm going to tell you guys
the last time I missed the Phoenix Suns
game I was a freshman in high school
five years ago I don't remember exactly
which game it was I missed but for the
past five seasons and I'm not talking
about DVR or like checking the score on
my phone or watching highlights I'm
talking about for the past five years
every single Phoenix Suns game I've been
right here in this room live watching
the game on that TV and people asked me
they said you know go to school do you
not work like do you not have a life and
I don't blame them for asking those
questions but that's why you're watching
this video because I have answers work
god bless my boss my former boss I kid
you not he had the whole entire Phoenix
on schedule printed and posted nailed in
his office and every single time the
Phoenix Suns played he would give me the
day off I dad that's amazing that's all
I'm gonna say that's freakin amazing
school I'm in college so I make my own
schedule and I only pick morning classes
I'm not gonna pick night classes to have
a chance to interfere with the Phoenix
Suns and I will admit that my first year
of college I had a night class that
ended at 5:20 and there were two times
where the Phoenix Suns game started out
five o'clock and I had to ditch my class
two times nothing I'm proud of but it's
just something that I did so I didn't
miss any son's games also um I go to a
gym every single day whether it's play
some pickup basketball whether it's to
go lift and let's say the Phoenix on
play at 7:00 p.m. then I'm gonna go out
like 2:00 or 3:00 p.m. I'm let's say
they play earlier I'm gonna go later I
don't I'm not gonna put myself in a
position to miss the Phoenix Suns games
and then uh a little funny story that I
kind of briefly explained in my other
video people asked me did you play any
highschool ball did you play any
basketball leads the answer is no and
that's by choice because I knew all the
coaches I knew all the players I play
with them all the time out the gym play
with them all the time at the local rec
not one time did I try out and all four
years of high school and imma tell you
guys why high school basketball game
come on at night don't they Phoenix
sounds play at night right I didn't want
to miss any Phoenix honking people call
me crazy and I don't blame them because
that's pretty crazy but that's the truth
I never tried out for any high school
team never played in any league except
for it feeling the offseason the Phoenix
hung no more games but that's the truth
um also like let's say I have plans to
hang out well first of all my friends
know not to make plans with me when
there's a son's game that's the first
thing they ask when they're trying to
make plans they ask me is their son's
game if I say yeah then they're either
gonna wait til the game is over or they
just go on without me they know I don't
get mad because I'd rather watch the
sons game anyways um what happens let's
say they wait until the son games over
if the sons lose most of the time I'm
not gonna go out like let's say even if
I had plans after the son's game if the
Phoenix Suns lose my friends text me and
they're like are you still gonna come
out and I'll just be like um I'm not
really in the mood and they understand
because they know like they know how it
is so yeah when the Phoenix Suns lose
I just feel down I feel upset and I just
want to stay home for the rest of the
night I'm glad they don't play in the
morning or else I'll pretty much be
upset the rest of the day um but it goes
both ways because when the Phoenix Suns
wane there's no taking a smile off my
face like my face will have a permanent
smile my eyes will be all glowy for like
literally until the next day there's I
tell all my friends if you ever want to
get something out of me if you ever want
a favor just wait until the Phoenix Suns
win a game and you know I got you with
that favor I'm I'm too happy when the
Suns win I'm also funny thing I'm 20
years old but I have no shame in
admitting that the Phoenix Suns lose
important games or in heartbreaking
fashion you think tears don't come out
of my eyes I cry I cry when the Phoenix
Suns lose big games and I cry when the
Phoenix Suns win big games on I remember
specifically four times I cried last
season Blake Griffin hits a game-winning
three-pointer against the Suns in which
I was there live live Suns were up by
two with two seconds in overtime and
Leigh
Griffin hits a game-winning three uh a
week later in Phoenix Chris Middleton of
the bug hits a game-winning three at the
buzzer I cried then uh James Harden
sinks a game-winner in Phoenix about a
month after I cried then and DeMarcus
Cousins in Sacramento when Eric Bledsoe
was out that game due to the birth of
his baby DeMarcus Cousins hits a game
without the buzzer and I cried that and
I was just like are you kidding me like
Phoenix has lost a total of five games
at the buzzer last year it was not
pretty um actually the funny story about
that Kings game is first of all
shout-out to my ex girl Cassidy who
actually put up with this
she wouldn't text me during her son's
games she wouldn't ask me to hang out
when she knew there was a game um so
thank you for that thank you for your
respect towards my love for the sons and
um one of the only time someone has ever
watched the son's game with me was her
last season during that DeMarcus Cousins
game-winner um and now you know why
nobody watches games with me look how
that turned out Phoenix Suns loss um no
but uh yeah I don't live um in Phoenix I
live in San Diego so people ask how I
get to watch all the games well simple I
purchase NBA League Pass I don't have
the Phoenix Suns channel so I purchased
that I watch all the games and another
funny story is that I record all the
games I have all the games recorded for
the past two seasons and I'm not gonna
lie and say that I watched them over
every single time but the majority of
the time I watch the games a second time
so I watch it live and then I have it
recorded and then a couple hours later
if I'm not asleep if I'm still awake I'm
gonna watch the game a second time and
my parents think I'm crazy they'll walk
in my room at like 3:00 in the morning
look at my TV and be like are you
serious did you not just watch this game
I go to sleep and I'll just laugh cuz
like it's pretty funny and I admit that
I could see why people think it's crazy
but that's what I do
um yeah like everybody knows me as the
Suns guy I'll walk into the gym I'll
walk into like my school and like
everyone will be like oh do the Suns
play today
it or like the sons win last night like
they just know that any son's
information anything relate to the
Phoenix hunt is going to come out of
this mouth and I I love that I love
talking about the sons and I love being
known as arguably one of the biggest
sons fans in the world
um games that I go to I try to go to
five games a year but that's tough
because well the sons come to LA four
times two times against the Clippers
which I go to for sure and two times
against the Lakers I go to one of those
games for sure and the reason I don't go
to both Laker games is because the
tickets are so expensive which is
obvious because they're the LA Lakers
but come on like and I'll admit
sometimes I have been to both Laker
games and both clipper games but
recently I've been going to both clipper
games in just one Laker game because the
prices are crazy and then I have a
tradition started two or three years ago
where I drive to Phoenix - about five
and a half six hour drive I Drive to
Phoenix to watch a game over there in
Phoenix last season I went to son's
birth Blazers in Phoenix and I got VIP
passes where I got to go in the locker
room and meet a bunch of players and I
was sitting front row like you can see
me on TV the whole game the year before
that I went to Suns and Pacers and at
that time the Pacers were the best team
in the NBA and the Phoenix Suns beat
them you could say I'm a little bit of a
good luck charm but now I'm just joking
but yeah though that's pretty much like
which games I go to every year who I've
met it's crazy how many uh players or
staff in the Phoenix on the organization
I've met it's it's really crazy I've met
Steve Nash Amar'e Stoudemire Jason
Richardson Channing Frye Leandro Barbosa
a head coach Jeff hornacek Goran Dragic
Jill green PJ Tucker both Morris twins
Eric Bledsoe Alex Len um it's just crazy
I mean like it's one thing to watch them
on TV but you actually meet them get
autographs get pictures kind of have a
little conversation the craziest part
about all this is the Phoenix Suns
general manager and president Ryan
McDonagh actually knows me there's been
times where I'll be sitting like in LA
or in Phoenix watching the game
he'll come up to me and shake my hand
and like we have a little conversation
alive Sam his best friend but like I
know him he knows me we have a little
conversation and then we go on with our
lives
so that's really cool that I'm in
contact like that um also another kind
of a funny story of like after the sons
lose I know this is really lame but um
I'll get a text from my mom who could
either be out shopping or just down the
hall in her room I'll get a text saying
hey how's my son are you feeling better
as if I just lost someone in my life or
as if I just like lost my job or
something but it's like the Phoenix Suns
lost the game and my mom knows how upset
I get so she'll text me and be like oh
how are you feeling blah blah blah it's
okay they'll win the next game I'm
actually last season on New Year's Eve
on December 31st Phoenix Suns were
playing in OKC and I think they lost
either an overtime or double overtime
game they barely lost it and I don't
like the Oklahoma City Thunder I was
pulling for the Suns to win so bad now
supposed to go to a New Year's party
with my family after and what happened
after the Suns lost I stayed right at
home and didn't do anything for New
Year's Eve for New Year's I didn't do
anything and and like my parents
understood they're not they weren't
gonna force me to go they knew how upset
I was also on the fourth of July when
LaMarcus Aldridge chose to sign with the
San Antonio Spurs over the Phoenix Suns
that like there was no changing my mood
all day like people went out to see
fireworks and I'm just like sitting
there like this like I mean it's crazy
but that's just how it is um before I
close this video out I'm gonna show you
guys like a bunch of gifts that I've
gone from people a bunch of jerseys that
I have a bunch of like son's memorabilia
that I bought for myself I can't even
tell you guys the last time that
Christmas or my birthday passed and one
of my gifts was not Phoenix unrelated
everybody knows that's all I want like
I'd rather get freaking orange and
purple colored basketball over 20 bucks
for my birthday like that just how it is
I must start off with my ceramics
projects in high school I'm not joking
when I say these
projects look like I don't know how
I got a or how I got to be in the class
maybe my teacher felt bad but
nonetheless I made four projects and
they were all Phoenix unrelated I kept
all of them first is a Phoenix and sushi
dish which is number four for marcin
Gortat who with the Phoenix Suns player
at the time I then have Phoenix Suns
basketball court which used to be nicer
but the bass all hoop that was right
here broke off um I have this which used
to be a coffee mug see Phoenix Suns with
a basketball but obviously it broke this
one looks like trash honestly I don't
know how I passed that class um and then
this one my masterpiece best thing I've
ever created in my life I'm gonna let
you guys guess who it is before I tell
you guys take a guess I know it looks a
little creepy maybe a lot creepy but I
made that with my own hands that's Steve
Nash this is Steve Nash my favorite
point out of all time okay now on to my
memorabilia you're gonna notice a lot of
gore and dragon dice just know that
before Gorn drugs got traded to the heat
I don't care what anybody says
I was the biggest Goren George fan ever
I loved like Pete I wanted to name my
dog whose name is Bosley I wanted to
name him goran dragic
what do you think my car name is it's
going draw each on everybody know like
everyone at the gym like when I play
bass all they'll call me draw each like
oh no so I have this bobblehead um that
I got from Phoenix when I went there US
Airways Center I have where is it oh
right here my brother made me this in
his screen-printing class draaga jam
bled so I have it signed by goran dragic
I got that last year I have um well i'ma
show you guys my jerseys all together
first I have pair of Phoenix on socks
Phoenix Suns has signed by both Morris
twins and Channing Frye Phoenix Suns
shoes I don't know what else Phoenix
Suns wall-e
Phoenix Suns phone case
a lanyard for my keys Phoenix Suns and
then I'm gonna show you guys my jerseys
I have Amar'e Stoudemire Road Jersey a
modest odd amount of all-star Jersey
when he played for the Suns here did my
Goran draw gauge for Phoenix Suns Jersey
I have PJ Tucker which is signed by Jeff
hornacek PJ Tucker I got that at the
summer league last year uh gerald green
I know he doesn't play for the Suns
anymore but neither does draw itch and
one of my favorites Charles Barkley
throwback jersey oh and then this going
draw each frame if you guys are
wondering my current favorite baseball
players Eric Bledsoe but I did love
going jogging when he was member of the
sons and it sucks that he had to go but
it just didn't work out anyways I'm
gonna stop wasting your guys's time
thank you guys so much for watching this
video on of my obsession my love my
passion whatever you want to call it for
the Phoenix Suns and I'm curious to hear
your guys's stories about like your
favorite NBA teams so drop a comment
like this video just let me know what
you guys think and how crazy I am on a
sale 1 to 10 thank you guys for watching
one last thing before I go and I know a
lot of you guys are going to be
disappointed with this answer but it's
the truth everybody asked me how are you
a sons fan because I've lived in San
Diego my whole life I've never lived in
Phoenix
um majority of the people here are Laker
fans um my entire family is Laker fans
growing up I was surrounded by Laker
fans and my answer to that question is I
have no frickin idea I wish I had an
answer for why I'm such a big Suns fan
because I get that question nearly every
day I guess if you had if I had to
pinpoint an answer I would say that I
fell in love with Steve Nash and amare
Stoudemire's pick and roll game but I
mean that answer alone cannot like that
can't even explain all this my my life
pretty much revolving around the Phoenix
Suns so I don't have an answer for that
I don't think I ever will which sucks
but I'm gonna just enjoy how much I love
the Phoenix Suns please sir please
and I know they really wish we were
