what's up everybody Brandon the waters
here bro waters MBA show just like I
promised earlier I was gonna answer you
guys questions that you love below on my
Q&A video I got over 60 questions
needless to say I don't think I could
answer all of those but I'm gonna do my
best to answer at least half if I don't
get to your question then I promise I'll
get to you next video next Q&A but um
here it goes I got a bunch of questions
so I'm gonna start off Rookie of the
Year pick by D man underscore 24 like I
said my previous video jahlil okafor I
think that's an easy pick for me but you
never know there could always be
surprised or Keys but for now I'm saying
jahlil okafor what do you think of the
Knicks for this upcoming season from
squirtle trainer 95
I think the Knicks are being underrated
by a lot of fans I think they have an
outside shot of making the playoffs in
the east
not that I'm predicting them too but I
do think they have a chance they'll win
some games with Melo Arron Afflalo Robin
Lopez um but yeah I think they're
underrated I still don't think they're
contender but they don't get enough
credit from the fans well the sun's make
the playoffs I got this question from
Pro X gamer and dominant Tavares like I
said in my previous video Portland
Blazers falling out Dallas Mavericks
falling out I do think it's the Phoenix
Suns time to finally get a playoff spot
after five years of missing the
postseason
you know they signed Tyson Chandler
Reece on Brandon Knight I finally think
they have what it takes
um I can't believe it's Jay asked me if
I played high school basketball a funny
story here I did not play high school
basketball and that was by choice and my
reasoning was that if I played high
school basketball I would have to play
I'll be singing the high school
basketball games and the high school
basketball games would be at the same
time when the Phoenix Suns play so
ultimately I chose to watch the Phoenix
Suns over playing high school basketball
I knew a lot of the coaches I knew all
the players on the team and I chose not
to for my love for the Suns so there's
that from YH Sian what do you think of
the Hornets as a team and who's your fav
a player from Charlotte um I think the
Hornets also have a chance at the
playoffs in the East um they actually
should make it this year um unless big
injuries happen they just picked up Nick
Batum they South Kemba Walker Al
Jefferson Michael kidd-gilchrist my
favorite player off that team is
probably Campbell Walker he just has a
clutch gene in him that you cannot teach
if your favorite sons player switch
teams would he still be your favorite
player from Yara Odette no goran dragic
was my favorite player I loved Goran
Dragic he got traded to the Miami Heat
and as much as I still love and support
Goran Dragic cheese now my favorite
player I just can't have a favorite
player from a team that I don't support
I support the Phoenix Suns I don't
support the Miami Heat but I still do
love Goran Dragic know if my favorite
player leaves the Suns he is no longer
my favorite player
what will the patients do it to replace
Roy Hibbert and David West from Giovanni
el faro well you forgot they also lost
Luis Scola but they signed Jordan Hill
so there's one name to replace them they
also drafted Myles Turner and they still
have young Mohini so there's that can
the Rockets get the number one seed and
how well will they do these questions
from Javier Ortiz and grenade Shah I do
think the Rockets got better than last
season with Ty Lawson I don't think they
could get the number one seed just
because the West is too stacked but I do
think they could compete for a
championship the Rockets are just wrong
place at the wrong time they have a
really good team in the wrong time to do
it when the West is arguably the best
the Western Conference has ever been but
I do think they're better than last year
I do think they'll be top five for sure
and I think they'll make it farther or
not farther I think they have a chance
to go to the conference finals the
Thunder contender or bust from fan X
aqua if healthy the Oklahoma City are
easily a championship contender Kevin
Durant Russell Westbrook and his Cantor
Serge Ibaka on that talent that tallien
the starting five could be more talented
than any other starting five in the
whole league they also drafted Cameron
Payne
I do think that contender but just like
that if an injury occurs to Kevin Durant
then they fall right back where they
were last season which was on the cusp
of making the playoffs and being bounced
in the first round
so if healthy I do think the Thunder our
champion contender this question from
two people from trying and from Dennis
Fane chris subs porzingis well he helped
the New York Knicks and is he a future
Dirk or future Andrea Bargnani
first of all I just want to say that I
did watch him play up close in summer
league I watched him live like two games
he moves like a guard he's seven foot to
seven foot three ten foot three I don't
know what he is but he moves like a
guard he he could run the floor um he's
so mobile for his size I'm not sure I've
ever seen anything like that
but at the end of the day mobility does
not obviously does not make you a great
basketball player but his shooting
stroke was also there you wouldn't see
it in the stats which you could tell I'm
gonna say I'm gonna say he is a future
Dirk I'm not sure if he's gonna you know
have the same effect on the league that
dirt did but I don't think he's gonna
bust he's really motivated he's good
character and he just has too much
talent will he help the New York Knicks
he will help the New York Knicks but not
this upcoming season he's too raw he's
not gonna get as much playing time as
other rookies he's I he's 18 unless he
just turned 19 years old he's not twenty
years old he's really really thin he's
just not NBA ready right now but I think
he'll help them in the future
my underdog teams by K Lee came in and
the Andrew G to 211
my underdog teams for this upcoming
season one being the Milwaukee Bucks one
of the most underrated signings of the
whole offseason it went almost unheard
of they got Greg Monroe they're pairing
him with Jabari Parker Yanis answer the
kupo Michael carter-williams Chris I'm
Chris Middleton Jason Kidd is still the
head coach I think people are forgetting
about them they're gonna be really good
next year I don't know about
championship contenders but they're
gonna be a playoff team also my Phoenix
Suns um people seem to forget that the
past few seasons they were this close to
making the playoffs
they clearly improved this summer by
signing Tyson Chandler re-signing
Brandon Knight who only played ten games
for his last season they drafted sweet
shooting guard Devin Booker
I think the suns are underrated um I do
think although I don't think the
Minnesota Timberwolves are going to be a
playoff team next year I think they're
being underrated just because of how bad
they were last year you got to remember
they had a bunch of injuries they were
really young
I'm also the Miami Heat I think they're
an underdog because they missed the
playoffs last season so it's hard to
think of them as a championship
contender but in my head that's exactly
what they are they're a championship
contender okay here's an interesting
question from Christian mulligan the
best backcourt and the best front core
in the league I think easily the best
backcourt is uh Steph Curry and klay
splash brothers
you could argue nah maybe not a strong
argument but you could put brad beal and
john walter you can put Eric Bledsoe
bentonite Dwyane Wade Goran Dragic but
easily the Warriors have the best
backcourt now the best frontcourt San
Antonio Spurs at Tim Duncan LaMarcus
Aldridge and Kawhi Leonard the LA
Clippers have DeAndre Jordan Blake
Griffin and Paul Pierce I think those
are two of the best front courts in the
league you also gotta remember the
Oklahoma City Thunder have enes kanter
Serge Ibaka and Kevin Durant um geez
even the Utah Jazz Rudy Gobert Derrick
Favors and Gordon Hayward I think
ultimately I would choose the Clippers
and the Spurs are not that far behind my
favorite six-man from Ruben Jimenez I'm
gonna just say one name Isiah Thomas
I love Isiah Thomas his game he's
perfect for today's NBA coming off the
bench giving you quick buckets also he
played for the Suns but I do love Isaiah
Thomas can Justin Anderson win Rookie of
the Year from Jose Morales
I think Justin Anderson gonna have a
huge role but he's still gonna be coming
off the bench for a Dallas behind
Chandler Parsons who's gonna be playing
huge minutes and Dallas is still trying
to win so it's not like they're gonna
give him the keys to their offense
unlike team unlike players like Jalil
Okafor or maybe DeAngelo Russell
karl-anthony towns who are gonna have
the ball on their hands at all times so
no I think Justin Erickson is gonna
surprise
I don't things in a win Rookie of the
Year how will Rondo do with the Kings
and do I think it'll work out with
boogie and Rudy Gaye
that's from football manager 2014 and
young South gaming rajon rondo signed a
one-year contract meaning he has to
prove himself this year or else he's
gonna get the same amount of money next
season if not less I think he's gonna
shine I think starting point guard has
much more talent on his team than he did
last season with Boston um I think it
was a smart signing for Sacramento
especially considering it was only one
year because Rondo pretty much has no
choice but to shine if he doesn't shine
then you know his careers on the
downside how I think he'll work out with
DeMarcus Cousins rudy Gay I think we'll
do the gate he'll work out fine with
DeMarcus Cousins I think you're gonna be
hearing a few rumors of some locker room
turmoil but at the end of the day um
they both went to Kentucky so I think
they're pretty good friends I think
he'll work out just fine
how will the Blazers do from gummybear
206 if you watch the Portland Trail
Blazers so that you could analyze them
how they'll be in the future then
they're gonna be good but if you're
expecting to see a playoff team I
suggest you don't watch any other games
next year their record is gonna be
really really bad what they're focusing
on is player development they have Noah
Vonleh CJ McCollum Allen Crabbe thing
they got Mo Harkless
Meyers Leonard they're filled with young
players and that's what they're gonna
focus on next season Damian Lillard is
still there but then I'll focus on
winning they're trying to kind of
rebuild and get back into the winning
stage in about 3 or 4 years so just
watch them from a player development
sample and you'll be happy Bulls or
Pacers from Scotts student loss
I think the Bulls are a better team than
the Pacers but it's much closer than
what people think people think the Bulls
are up here the Pacers are down here
although I agree the Bulls are better I
don't know if it's that far of a gap
potential coaches who could be fired who
is also from Scott speaking of Scott I
think Byron Scott is one coach who could
definitely be fired if things aren't
going to Lakers way randy wittman from
washington Dwane Casey Toronto you
obviously have to remember David Blatt
if LeBron isn't feeling anything next
season then David P could easily
David Blatt fired um also Lionel Hollins
with Brooklyn I think he stays but he
has a chance to get fired
my second favorite team from to a s you
know who my second favorite team is
nobody I'm a Suns fan i I support no
other team and if I had to answer that
question I wouldn't be able to because I
have one team ok players to keep oh this
is such a tough one I had such a hard
time play to keep an eye on next season
or in other words break out candidates
from Joe mama hoops and Vancouver there
are so many players that you could put
in this category and it's so hard to
predict but I'm just gonna be focusing
on pretty much players who were recently
drafted definitely TJ Warren Phoenix on
small forward he's most likely gonna
earn that starting spot over PJ Tucker
and if summer league and the end of last
season is any indication then people
need to keep an eye out for a TJ Warren
he's a scoring machine also Noah Vonleh
who got traded to Portland he was a top
10 pick next he's gonna have much more
minutes
Yanis anti-trump oh it's his time to
shine Rudy Gobert starting Center he's
gonna get a bunch of minutes and he's
gonna produce also Andre Drummond now
that Greg Monroe is gone he's gonna get
much more touches and a sleeper pick is
Otto Porter now that Paul Pierce is gone
Otto Porter is most likely gonna start
for Washington and he has to produce he
was a top three pick so and I think
there's a third or fourth year so it's
finally his time when will the Phoenix
Suns make the finals from IDC M 302 I'm
not gonna put a year into this and I'm
not gonna predict when they're gonna
make it because I have no idea but I'm
gonna put this out there I hope they
make it while I'm still alive because
there's nothing more I would want to see
than the Phoenix Suns playing in the NBA
championship so let's just leave it at
that
oh this question was really easy for me
a healthy Kevin Durant or a healthy
LeBron James from these guys name I
couldn't pronounce but it was
parentheses fellow I easily take LeBron
James over Kevin Durant and that's not
knocking Kevin Durant anyway I just
think LeBron James is superior player
and yeah I would take LeBron James if
she was healthy
who will take it all next season from
true or year 30 the Cleveland Cavaliers
if they're healthy they will take it all
Kevin Love Kyrie Irving LeBron obviously
assuming Tristan Thompson goes back Mo
Williams you just got to assume that
they're gonna take in next year MVP for
next year from Vince no telly man I'm
gonna put James Harden at the top of
that list but I I don't think Steph
Curry repeats separate had a great
season but it's really hard to win
back-to-back MVPs also I think LeBron
probably deserves it next year but I
think the league is done giving LeBron
James the MVP award I think James Harden
Anthony Davis has it he has just as much
a chance that James Harden does if not
better to win the MVP award on and then
also Russell Westbrook if Kevin Durant
goes down injury or if some weird way
Kevin Durant gets traded
Russell Westbrook carries that team
again like he did last season MVP is his
those are my three picks Westbrook Davis
and James Harden this question the only
reason I saved it for last is because it
was so hard your favorite player not who
was not a member of the sun's from I
can't believe it's J I've said all along
that I only like players who play for
the Suns I could only feel like a type
of support a type of passion for the
players that play for the Suns but I
made a little list if I did have to
choose players that I like who have
never been members of the Phoenix Suns
on I like Chris Bosh I like mainly
because I think he would be a perfect
fit here in Phoenix I like Nick view
Savage I like Dwyane Wade
Danny Green I met him a few times and
he's really nice Paul George Victor
Oladipo because I wanted the suns to
draft him in 2013 and obviously LeBron
James I mean it was hard because I don't
really support other players we don't
play for the Phoenix Suns but if I had
to choose that would be my list anyways
thank you guys so much for watching and
I love talking about it but I had a
blast answering all of these questions
leave a comment what you guys think
below and if I didn't get your question
this time I'll make sure to get it next
time
thank you
