what's up everybody Broadus NBA show I'm
your host fan and I wanna seeee and a
lot of you guys are asking for my
opinion on what I think about Markieff
Morris pretty much demanding a trade
from the Phoenix Suns in case you hadn't
heard it was just a couple hours ago
reportedly Markieff Morris refuses to
speak with any of the sun's staff and he
refuses to talk to any other players and
he wants out of Phoenix he doesn't want
anything to do with the Suns anymore
which is a shame and I'm gonna tell you
guys why after I kind of give you guys a
background so last month Phoenix Suns
traded Markieff Morris his brother
Marcus Morris to the Detroit Pistons
which is the whole reason Markieff wants
out he doesn't like the fact that they
traded his brother they played together
when they were kids they played together
in high school they played on the same
college team in Kansas and they played
on the same NBA team for all but one
season they've pretty much they live
together same tattoos um same exact bank
accounts you guys didn't know all the
money that they made from both their
contracts goes into one account so you
could say they're really really close
but but that doesn't change the fact
that this is a business there's been a
ton of brothers who have played in this
league who have never sniffed the same
locker room I mean Robin Lopez and Brook
Lopez they don't play with each other
Pau Gasol and Marc Gasol they don't play
with each other
like there's been so many brothers who
don't I mean it's a business like yeah
it's the NBA but at the same time this
is your job like if my brother got a job
at um my brother got a job at a place
and I applied there and I didn't get it
my brothers are gonna quit I mean like
you gotta think of it as it's a business
like this just makes me mad so yeah
apparently Markieff Morris wants out
after the Phoenix Suns traded his
brother by him by the league knowing
that he wants out his trade value just
went from here all the way down to here
he has no trade value anymore because
you know let's say the Suns try to get a
decent package for him the other team is
just gonna say why would we give
valuable up if your player wants out
anyways so he just killed any leverage
the sons had um the Phoenix Suns drafted
him
they spent a lottery pick on him they
signed him to an extension for four
years after his rookie contract so they
put their trust in him he was their
starting power forward last year uh he
was going to be their starting power
forward this year and for who knows how
many more years to come he had a
starting spot promise to him right here
but apparently um they traded his
brothers so he's upset with that that's
it's just unprofessional that's what it
is because I mean you're not like and I
hope that the Phoenix Suns do not trade
him to Detroit which is where his
brothers playing I hope I mean the Suns
hold all the leverage Markieff Morris
has four more years left on his contract
um he's not a free agent so they're
gonna have to trade him and I just hope
that they don't trade him to Detroit I
hope they trade him as far as far away
from Detroit as they could um just to
prove a point like you can't he was the
Phoenix Suns starting power forward for
this upcoming season they had high hopes
for him and now he wants out
I just this makes me really mad you know
I was one of the bigger Markieff Morris
supporters out there um after Marcus got
traded a bunch of my friends you know
they're telling me like oh I hope the
Suns move his brother too I hope the Sun
straight Markieff and I'm sitting there
like no he's he's on a great contract
he's really efficient he could score the
ball from the post he could shoot um
he's a good player he's clutch
I like Markieff and I think his game is
still gonna build he's only 25 years old
speaking of 25 years old don't you think
at that age it's a little too old to be
crying after your brother like I mean
all I'm gonna say is yes some people are
like oh well the Phoenix Suns signed
them to contract extension so they could
stay together you know they had an
agreement in place so they could play
together so the Sun screwed them over
the Suns gave them every chance to shine
they gave them
for your extensions they promise to keep
them together but did that agreement
include the Phoenix or the Morris twins
assaulting someone go on trial court
date or how about both of them being top
five in the league in technical fouls on
their just their drama like there's no
way around it the Morris twins are drama
but at the end of the day talent wins
basketball game so some team is gonna
want Markieff Morris I'm not sure what
the suns are gonna get in return for him
and this does put a dent in the Phoenix
Suns playoff chances because Markieff
Morris was arguably their third best
player you could argue as a second you
could argue as their fourth nonetheless
he was important piece to this team now
he wants out there's no word on if the
Suns are gonna grant his request there's
no word on where he would go but this is
just really unprofessional and for a
team that gave him you know their trust
signing him to an extension drafting him
out of college and putting him in the
starting spot of their team and for him
to do this I mean it's not there's no
way that this could be a good look on
his part and if he wants to you know
keep playing with his brother then I do
I do hope that the Phoenix Suns trade
him as far away from his brother as they
could just so he doesn't get his way um
that's my thoughts on all all of this I
want to know what you guys think so drop
a comment below and thank you for
