what's up you guys on Brandon the waters
here for water NBA show today all rookie
edition um I'm pretty much this whole
show is gonna be my predictions of what
incoming bookies are gonna be doing next
season for the NBA I'm gonna start off
with um my picks for all NBA rookie
first team last year you had obviously
Andrew Wiggins Jordan Clarkson among
others this upcoming season and I'm
judging this on opportunity to play and
also some summer league play that I got
to watch my start off with a point guard
this was an easy pick Emmanuel mudiay on
after Denver traded Ty Lawson to Houston
the keys are his the team is his that
Emmanuel mudiay is gonna run the show
and I think he takes that point guard
spot shooting guard spot which is not
really shooting guard they really just
picked two guards I'm having a hard time
deciding between DeAngelo Russell and
Jay and grant there's no doubt in my
mind that the end zone Russell's a
better player but like I said
opportunity the angel Russell is gonna
be sharing the ball with Kobe he's gonna
be sharing point guard duties with
Jordan Clarkson I'm he's gonna be
playing in a much tougher Western
Conference whereas Jay and grant he
could be already two starting point off
for the New York Knicks um good ball
handler and he's gonna be playing in the
weaker Eastern Conference so right now
to toss up I'm probably gonna go with
DeAngelo Russell but don't be surprised
if Jay and grant makes only be a first
team he's pretty much my sleeper pick um
at the three spa i'ma go with Stanley
Johnson Detroit um there are pretty good
threes in this draft you could have went
justice wounds on in Miami you could
have went Justin Anderson out of Dallas
but well Stanley Johnson did in the
summer league and I know you gotta take
summer league you know with a grain of
salt just because competition is so much
different in the NBA but Stanley Johnson
was murdering it out there he was
killing people out there and I think
he's gonna have a good opportunity in
Detroit that's my paper at three the two
bigs for this team my one lock is
obviously Jalil Okafor he's playing in
Philly where he's he's their go-to guys
from day one he's gonna be their go-to
guy all season they need him to score
the ball they have no one else
score the ball and I think he's gonna
make make the most of his opportunity
he's the most NBA ready rookie so I give
one of those spots to him and the last
spot the last big will call his Stein um
man I watched him in summer league up
close he was his offense is really bad
I'm not gonna hide that his defense is
amazing though he was running up and
down he's like what 7 1 7 feet he's
running up and down the court like he's
6 foot 2 his speed is there you know
he's jumping as he's jumping and
blocking a shot out the roof on one end
and then he's back slamming the ball
down um and I think unless I'm wrong
he's most likely gonna star next to
DeMarcus Cousins unless Costa Koufos is
gonna start but nonetheless will call
the sun's gonna get a lot of playing
time uh my sleeper pick behind him for
all-nba first team would be Bobby Portis
out of Chicago he fell draft night um
depending on how much you know how many
minutes they give him Tom Thibodeau is
in there so they might actually give
their rookie some minutes he might take
it but right now i'ma go Emmanuel mudiay
Stanley Johnson cauley-stein
Okafor and I'm so tempted to put Jay and
grant in there but I'll go with DeAngelo
Russell um my biggest steals from the
draft i'ma go Bobby Portis I think you
went 21 or no no he went 22 to Chicago
he was projected top 15 pick I'm not
sure why he fell um also i'ma go Justin
Anderson in Dallas you know with
obviously Dallas losing a bunch of key
players they're gonna need him to step
up and I think he's gonna prove people
wrong um also my other sleeper probably
last sleeper Jay and grant out of New
York you know people are the people are
sleeping on him I'm not gonna lie you
don't read a lot of articles picking him
to win many NBA awards or just picking
him to stand out but he's my sleeper
pick um I think he was a steal 19 and I
think New York made the right move
trading for him because I wasn't
originally their pick um now I'm gonna
go with which rookies I think would
shine but they're not gonna have the
opportunity I think mario has Sonya out
Orlando
he's he played amazing in summer league
he played pretty good but you got a
thing about it they have on Victor
Oladipo they got Aaron Gordon's coming
back from injury they reassigned Tobias
Harris you gotta think how many minutes
he's gonna have they're in Orlando no
doubt he's gonna be coming off the bench
and even then he's gonna be struggling
to find a ton of minutes on also Devin
Booker Phoenix Suns they he's 18 years
old so you don't expect him to play a
lot anyways and that besides the fact
that they already have been night on
playing the two guard Eric Bledsoe
sometimes playing the two guard PJ
Tucker PJ Tucker slides over to the two
they signed Sonny Weems they got Archie
Goodwin so I think I'm gonna have a hard
time playing minute finding minutes but
he did impress um also also justice
Winslow who I think fell in a perfect
situation don't get me wrong once Wade
is done
Luol it's already getting up there in
age his contract is about to expire
justice windows gonna step in right away
but I think in terms of rookie year he's
already gonna be coming off the bench
and they are they they signed jail green
so I think he's gonna have a hard time
finding a ton of minutes but there's no
doubt in my mind that he's still gonna
get playing time
um but yeah those are my three rookies
who would have made a bigger impact if
they had more minutes and last part of
this video my Rookie of the Year pick
Jalil Okafor there's there's no rookie
who is more M be ready
there's no rookie who's gonna be he was
gonna have the ball more in his hands um
he's gonna be the focal point of that
offense so I just think it's hard to
pick against him for Rookie of the Year
I guess someone who haven't been
mentioning karl-anthony towns it all
depends on if Minnesota chooses answer
him in the starting lineup because like
I said he's still young he's so Roger
Okafor is more polished I'm not saying
go far it's gonna be the better Pro in
the future but I'm just saying rookie
you're here Jalil Okafor is my pick and
thank you guys for watching leave a
comment what you guys thought and that's
it for today
