okay guys so right now I'm about to go
to the emergency room
this isn't now a good I had no plans of
going to the emergency room yesterday I
went to the doctors and they diagnosed
me with bronchitis whooping cough and I
possibly have asthma and then today when
I woke up look I'm not moving this I
swear I just blew up upstairs but one of
my friends is a nurse and she told me
that there's this really really heavy
food going around and it's so bad that
they've actually had to shut down some
hospitals in San Diego she said that I
might have it so she told me to go get
checked out right away hopefully I don't
throw up on the way there because I'll
be all day so this morning I went to
play basketball because I didn't feel
that bad probably a couple hours later
he just started getting really hard for
me to breathe after that I started
coughing so much to the point when I
started throwing up and then after a
while my whole body felt weak my whole
body was shivering and shaking my teeth
were like clenching but I swear what I
went to go play basketball it was fine
for the love of God I hit a half-court
shot with no shoes I do not like the
hospital I don't like anything about it
it just creeps me out and we're looking
for the emergency room right now
and they lost okay guys so it turns out
that wasn't the emergency room if
there's blog ends up really like boring
or if it ends up just not energetic or
enthusiastic I know I apologize guys I
still love you guys and I probably some
live video tomorrow
just in case afterwards for the video
you might check one check two and so
here again is clear and in case I have
to wear this for the whole video in case
you guys don't know who this is are you
joking using dead I try to be happy
haven't seen Jackie in a while she
hasn't been on my channel in a while but
just like I said in the breakup video
that we're still friends nothing
happening for us to break up I said that
they said that I most likely have the
flu I have a fever of over a hundred and
three degrees they got me a room they
got me a bed I was hoping I could just
get checked them and go but they said it
was too serious I don't know if I'm
gonna be staying here over I get it I'm
not sure so I'm gonna keep you guys
updated for that so I guess I have the
flu on top of having bronchitis whooping
cough maybe asthma but shout out to
Jackie for coming through this is my old
TV
my elbows and I appreciate Jackie coming
bikes I know she was probably busy but
she got super worried so she came by and
I know a lot of people have been asking
for Jackie to come back in the videos I
know you probably didn't expect to see
it at a hospital or emergency room a lot
of people think we hate each other so
you guys leave hay for her or you
finally pay for me that's not what it's
like we still talk like I said if she
needs me I'm gonna be there for her like
today I needed her so she's here for me
okay guys I don't know what the hell
that was but you shove the thing in
literally like it felt like those given
in the hi it went so far up both like
okay when you pick your nose not that I
pick my nose but like when Jackie and
Dennis Bergkamp nose they just do like a
little bit they barely touch it you
should sweat I used to think girls in
the forward yeah six and a half hours
later okay guys so it's like 1:00 in the
morning right now they still gotta do a
bunch of stuff to me so I'm probably
gonna be here for a while and then it
said that they're gonna drug me up so
only I could play basketball tomorrow
even Friday no vegetable
you can have a food if I asked her to
use the bathroom and she said I'm not a
fool about my past
okay so I have to use a bathroom but it
looks like running away I have if they
ask
yo guys so I fell asleep for a little
bit and I woke up because the doctor
opened the door and I swear my dream I
was playing basketball you were there
oh no Justin Ali all of us loved playing
I swear it looks so real yeah you can
one know your line you're going maybe I
like driving in the guy that's or
something oh and if you're wondering why
the blanket is covered in my feet it's
because Dennis said bro I hear socks
black or white they're so dirty
oh I have to walk I'm on my shoes on I'm
walking around the whole Hospital I had
to go to the bathroom without shoes what
do you think they're gonna mean white
and tea so I'm wearing white socks but
they're so dirty that they look black
and it's called me out on it so now I'm
coming if everyone and the doctor wanted
and he officially said that I have the
flu it's called influenza and bronchitis
will be called all that stuff so he gave
me some codeine because they made me
take some right now
and Dennis is jumping going crazy
because they said I can't drive so
dennis is gonna be driving my i8 for the
first time and I know he's wanted to do
it for a long time
wait every time I take the codeine cool
so I have to list in the future oh I
should have played it in front of the
doctor so it's almost like 4 a.m. right
now we've been here for a while before
we leave on masks and how long I
shouldn't play this time I think I'm
actually gonna listen cuz the flu is
crazy because I didn't want her to get
worried but now it's time she's shaking
mom I think you should go to sleep I'm
fine
yeah like they told me I first shared
half the flu and like bronchitis I don't
think I have asthma but there's a
problem
he gave me drugs I need to talk to you
and dad for giving birth to me with such
a huge nose because they stuff something
up my nose so far it was crazy
you can't kidnap me and kidnap well you
too
so what my mom saw me earlier today she
said I was like super pale and I just
looked really sick she's like no you're
not living alone anymore you're moving
back here me and dad are gonna go buy
you a mattress and I don't know if she's
lying or not but I guess her and my dad
went to go buy me a mattress and they
want me to sleep there I might sleep
there for a couple of days to make my
mom less worried it's my boys future
wait till I tell them I've been taking
codeine you'll respect me bro they'll be
my boy and we'll make a video gonna drop
a like on this video if you want to see
a collab my body's too sorry to do any
you know guys if you're wondering why
I'm so happy even though I have the flu
and I've been here like forever cuz I
did get ivy baby i'ma tell him just in
case to put a little but okay I'm gonna
tell him to do the nose thing up you
know I don't mind now child cry so how
you look at the mask that look like easy
Busta it doesn't you get through this
you gotta make this sound of the glove
this okay guys so I'm sure you're dying
to know if Jackie misses you guys you
know
and now all my makeup is literally on
his face Brandenburg just cuz you took
codeine doesn't mean your fee like your
boys a future and stuff
oh my guys look what I just noticed
Phillip Rivers baby the charges gotta
win their last two games have a chance
to make a playoff let's do it baby
okay we're supposed to leave the nurse
came in to like let's go she's standing
where the door and then she said before
I let you go on me a champion
temperature one last time so I checked
my temperature and it turns out it was
still bad it was still like over 102 so
she said I have to wait a little bit
then she's gonna take my temperature
again so Dennis I'm not giving you the
ice no stop
your fevers only went down okay guys so
almost 5:00 in the morning and we're
finally free I think the ice worked
putting the ice on my forehead to lower
my temperature I'm just joking they
didn't let me do it but anyways guys
Dennis is driving my car home it feels
so weird sitting on this side I swear
that is who do you think you are Ronald
trust you you know my car you want me to
get out
you can stay in today's fine okay bro
let's see do you not a backup you
pressed it hey don't touch my common I'm
driving it all drivers able can just
turn the fog things you said I can't
touch this I was just trying to think
right now because like it's nighttime
and all the streets are dead nobody's
awake so I was just thinking who
invented going to sleep at night and
being awake during the day why wasn't it
invented to
you sleep during the day and you're
awake at night
think about because you need Sun okay
you have the sun's aren't that good bro
they lost again today okay you're not in
Reverse okay guys I'm gonna close the
video out right here yep there you have
it guys I knew something was wrong it
turns out I have a case of influenza
which is a strong form of the flu
hopefully I feel better by Christmas I
don't want to be all up in everybody's
face on Christmas with the flu I
apologize once again if this wasn't like
an entertaining vlog or praying or
something like that trust me hey but
before I went to the emergency room how
long was I trying to think of a video
for the whole day honest I couldn't I
had to go to the emergency room so I'm
sorry I hope you guys forgive me and I
hope you guys still enjoyed this video I
hope you enjoyed seeing Jackie and the
vlogs I know a lot of people tell me
that they miss her in the videos we did
not end the relationship on bad terms
nobody cheated on each other nobody
hates each other we just ended on civil
terms so so we're still there for each
other we're so cool and one last thing
thank you guys so much for all the
support that you guys have shown me
because ever since you guys found out I
was in the emergency room I've gotten
nothing but support and love from all
you guys so thank you guys so much for
doing that because believe it or not
that actually makes me feel better one
last time drop a like on this video if
you enjoyed subscribe to this channel if
you are new brandon here AKA paratus but
i love you guys all so so much and i'm
out peace
you know that's just a quick little
update because yesterday when I came
back from hospital I felt I'm fine and
then I don't know what happened I
started throwing up a bunch of times I
think I threw up seven times last night
and I couldn't even fall asleep you guys
every time I close my eyes everything
just started spinning and it's crazy
because when I left the hospital I fell
fine and the doctor told me that if
anything extra happens when I leave that
I have to go back so I literally threw
up seven times I didn't even think about
playing basketball there's no way I
could play basketball for like a couple
of days that's how you know it's bad
it's the first time I've just been
sitting at home and all my boys are
playing basketball and I didn't even
think about going there's just no way so
yeah I just wanted to update you guys on
that and it is what it is
