what's up everybody Brandon Awad is here
you're watching the bravados NBA show
and today's episode is something that I
never thought I would have to do but if
you guys are interested keep watching
I'm pretty much gonna destroy this fan
and I'll tell you guys why so on
yesterday my video I predicted the my
predictions for the eight playoff teams
in the West and I put the Phoenix Undine
number eight which in the last eight
articles that I read in NBA playoff
predictions the Phoenix Suns were
mentioned as a playoff team in five of
them something I'm wrong and predicting
that they were a playoff team I
obviously left the Lakers out for
various reasons some people were calling
me a Laker hater no I'm from San Diego I
live close to LA all my fans I mean all
my friends pretty much all my family
they're all Laker fans i watch a ton of
Laker games I'm just a real fan if the
Lakers do end up making the playoffs you
guys could shove these words down my
throat I'll delete my youtube channel I
don't care I just don't see it happening
and I'm being real just like I'm not
predicting the Phoenix Suns to win the
NBA championship even though I'm a Suns
fan I'm a realist and so I'm not sure
this fan really took it to heart
his name is a cheque heartless something
stupid like that I'm not sure if I like
murdered someone and his family like
killed his cat made out with his
girlfriend I'm not sure what I did to
him but he took this video to heart and
you know I tell all my fans at the end
of my videos comment your opinion let me
know what you guys think because you
guys comment opinion and I comment back
and we have like a little basketball
conversation like that I love talking
about basketball but this guy is out
here he's like pretty much speaking like
he's God and he knows everything about
the NBA and he could tell the future and
he just like you could tell he knew
nothing about basketball so he he left a
comment saying that I'm crazy for
thinking Brandon Knight and Eric Bledsoe
could carry a team to the playoffs which
I'm ask you fans if you guys think I'm
crazy
can Eric butter on Brandon Knight and
also he forgot Tyson Chandler carry a
team to the playoffs I don't think
that's crazy at all
he then gave me his plows prediction
then he put the Lakers at seven-seat so
he put them over the New Orleans
pelicans the Phoenix Suns the Utah Jazz
blah blah so I commented saying god
bless you uh let me just I'm not sure
what happened to him he obviously didn't
know anything about basketball you could
just tell by the comments that he left
one of the comments he said was that the
Lakers have a very good team and that
Kobe doesn't even need to average ten to
fifteen points a game for them to make
the playoffs because D'Angelo Russell is
gonna average twenty to twenty five my
good friend the last four rookies to
average over 20 points a game Blake
Griffin Carmelo Anthony LeBron James and
Kevin Durant also let me tell you this
they want to sharing the ball with a guy
named Kobe Bryant did Tyreke Evans
averaged 20 points a game yeah he did he
was playing on a king's team with no
other players to shoot the ball oh and
then I think the last guard the last
guard who averaged over 20 points a game
was Allen Iverson in 1996 as a rookie so
unless you're telling me that DeAngelo
Russell is pretty much gonna step in and
be a LeBron James or Kevin Durant then
your point is not valid so please don't
leave a comment that doesn't make any
sense on my video he also said um
obviously like I told you he predicted
the Lakers to make the playoffs which is
not crazy at all but when you're saying
it like it's a sure thing
then you're a little crazy the Los
Angeles Lakers had 21 wins last year
they were 21 and 61 the last two teams
to go from 20 wins or less to a playoff
team was 2008 the Boston Celtics when
they signed or when they traded for a
Kevin Garnett and Ray Allen and the San
Antonio Spurs in 1998 when they drafted
Tim Duncan correct me if I'm wrong the
Lakers got Roy Hibbert Lakers got Lou
Williams I'll know correct me if I'm
wrong but I don't think Roy Hibbert and
Lou Williams are in the same class as
trading for Kevin Garnett and rayon in
their prime
or drafting a player like Tim Duncan I
could be wrong I don't know just like
that guy was saying I probably am not
wrong but i'ma let you guys answer that
so if the Lakers do make the playoffs
they're doing what only two teams have
done in the last 18 years he left
another comment saying oh yeah he said
he said I'm not sure why you think the
suns are gonna make the playoffs Kobe is
better than anyone that the Suns had
okay uh again correct me if I'm wrong
but I forgot that one player made an
entire team I forgot that if you had one
great player then your team is
automatically in the playoffs so then I
told him I said I said oh really so I
forgot a playoff team is composed of one
player rather than a whole team and he
said the Oklahoma City Thunder almost
made the playoffs last season with what
with Russell Westbrook there's two
things you just did to yourself mr.
cheque heartless that screwed you over
first of all you were predicting the
Lakers to be a playoff team no so why'd
you compare them to a team who missed
the playoffs in the Oklahoma City
Thunder there's one where you're wrong
two you just compared Russell Westbrook
to Kobe Bryant
when Russell Westbrook had one of the
most amazing stretches in a season that
almost no player in NBA history has ever
had has Kobe had one of those stretches
sure
Kobe's had a stretch that's been 10
times better than what Westbrook did but
I ate 37 coming off an Achilles shoulder
and knee injury you're crazy if you
think Kobe is going to be a quarter of
as effective as Russell Westbrook was
last season for the Oklahoma City
Thunder you screwed yourself over in
those points um he also told me that the
Suns had less than a 1% chance to make
the playoffs but I guess he is like I
mean he's speaking like he's God so if
he's saying that then I guess it's true
he then he kind of calmed down
and he said he said please tell me your
reasons why you think the Phoenix sounds
are gonna make the playoffs so I gave
him a really
a really long explanation how the sons
have a balanced offense with Bledsoe and
I and Markieff TJ Warren how they have a
balanced defense with PJ Tucker Bledsoe
and Tyson Chandler they have a good
coaching Jeff hornacek and they barely
missed out on the playoffs last year
while they improved in the offseason and
two playoff teams fell down so and he to
all my other replies you know of he
would reply and clown me and to this
reply which was really long it made me
laugh I thought I got no reply from him
I guess maybe he's illiterate or maybe
he has not finished school something
like that maybe he just couldn't read it
cuz it was too long but I want to know
why I didn't get a reply to that um I'm
not sure why he couldn't read it if it
was if there were too many big words for
his vocabulary I'm not sure another
thing he said was that there's no way
the Phoenix Suns are gonna be better
than the Portland Trailblazers
sir let me ask you this do you know that
LaMarcus Aldridge left the team do you
know a couple of days after Wes Matthews
left the team do you know that a few
weeks before LaMarcus left they traded
Nick Batum for for a rookie um do you
know that Robin Lopez left do you know
Steve Blakely do you know Arron Afflalo
left if you didn't know that and you
still think the Portland Trail Blazers
will be better than the Phoenix Suns
please don't comment on any of my videos
anymore you could just tell the way he
was talking you guys could check out the
comments for yourself he knew absolutely
nothing about basketball he was on he
got really booty tickle just because I
did not put the Lakers in the playoffs
but he claims he's not even a Laker fan
I love all you guys and I take all your
opinions and I comment back and we have
like basketball conversations on my
comment section but when you come at me
like that acting like you know
everything in the whole entire world and
telling me that I know nothing about
basketball when I'm clearly superior in
that context context than he is then I
don't know appreciate that you're gonna
get hit with something like this so um
yeah he pretty much said the Phoenix
times I'm not making it they have no one
he said they have no go to score here's
another thing he said they have no go to
score then he asked me to name the last
playoff team without a go to score the
second best team in the entire NBA last
season the Atlanta Hawks 60 wins number
one in the East to dabble go to score
they had a great balanced team a
balanced offensive attack they did not
have a go to score how about the
Milwaukee Bucks how about the Boston
Celtics sure those teams are from the
east but other playoff teams yes so
again your point was wrong please don't
come on any of them any more of my
videos I pretty much destroyed you right
here I didn't want to have to do this
but you kept going at it so you could
keep dreaming I guess in your world
DeAngelo Russell is gonna average 25
points a game as a rookie I think the
first time since a LeBron James the law
translators are gonna be a seven seed
Kobe Bryant's better than anyone else
but you're not a Laker fan so i'ma leave
it at that let me know what you guys
think about this whole situation and
they also this was the same guy who a
couple weeks ago told me that LaMarcus
Aldridge was gonna sign with the Houston
Rockets and when I told him that they
had no cab space he told me they were
not gonna resign Patrick Beverley and
they were gonna release Trevor Ariza and
Terrance Jones like I can't even say
that without laughing but um as you guys
know LaMarcus Aldridge is not with the
Rockets they did not release harissa
they did not release Terence Jones
because no organization would be stupid
enough to do that but yeah so I mean
what could I expect from a fan like that
