what's up you guys you're watching the
bharatas NBA show I'm your host spring
in the waters I think this is the 8th
episode thank you all for still watching
we're gonna start off with no doubt the
biggest news of NBA free agency so far
the decision was made yesterday LaMarcus
Aldridge is signing with the San Antonio
Spurs as a Suns fan it kills me to say
that but before I get into my pain and
sorrows I'm gonna start off by saying
how scary are the San Antonio Spurs
going to be Tim Duncan LaMarcus Aldridge
Kawhi Leonard Danny Green and Tony
Parker I don't know if anyone can match
that starting 5 they they just picked up
a star for the future well he's 29 years
old but I mean he's gonna keep going for
six seven eight more years they didn't
have to tank for a draft pick they
didn't have to trade to get the star
they got him in free agency they don't
see venting up for him is is that
machine in San Antonio ever gonna stop
running are you kidding me they're gonna
be a tough tough al I think you put them
in the top three in the West with OKC
and gold and say automatically if not
number one they're gonna be real good
let's just say that as a Suns fan it
hurts
they were runner ups you knew LaMarcus
was going to San Antonio all along so
for the Suns to actually come in and
give him second thoughts and maybe even
consider signing with the Suns you got
to give them props but at the end of the
day they're still searching for that
store I don't know how they're gonna get
it but it's not LaMarcus Aldridge they
made a good run honestly but going home
to San Antonio going to his son it was
too much to pass up for LaMarcus
Congrats to the Spurs they just landed
the biggest fish in free agency nets
we're gonna go on to the best available
free agents the market is kind of drying
up all the big names are landing but
there's still some decent players that
can help your squad I was a little list
right here the restricted players that
are most likely gonna stay with their
team Reggie Jackson and enes kanter
they're still out there but I honestly
think OKC or detroy gonna match any
offer they get also LeBron James and
Marcus all they haven't signed yet but
you know that there
going back to Cleveland Cavaliers and
Memphis Grizzlies respectively but then
there there's Josh Smith jr. Smith
Brandon Bass Amar'e Stoudemire Mo
Williams Gerald Green there's some
players out there oh and then there's
David West who I read the San Antonio
Spurs are now targeting jeez if the San
Antonio Spurs pick up David West along
with LaMarcus Aldridge I don't even know
um Nick next I want to talk a little bit
about the Los Angeles Lakers me being a
Suns fan I'm speaking for all Suns fans
not just myself um we don't like the
Lakers
we are not Laker fans we're Laker haters
if you want to call us I don't care but
even me I expected the Lakers would land
at least one star in free agency at
least and if not one of the top stars I
expected at least like a Greg Monroe
Tobias Harris they got none of those for
one reason or another whether it's the
front office whether it's Kobe we don't
know the Lakers are not attracting stars
but yesterday they did pick up Roy
Hibbert in what was a salary dump for
the Pacers so the Lakers didn't give up
anything of significance I really like
that move for the Lakers for two reasons
one
he's an expiring contract you're putting
nothing two in long-term money you're
not committing anything long-term money
nothing on the books second yeah he's
been pretty bad these last two seasons
but that's offensively his defense his
defense goes underrated he's one of the
best friend protectors in the league
he's a pretty elite defensive center the
Laker fans are gonna enjoy that what I
don't like Laker fans all over Twitter
oh we just got an all-star for nothing
no you did not all-star Roy Hibbert was
two three years ago you guys are not
getting all sorrow Hibbert you guys are
getting maybe a better Roy Hibbert than
he was in Indiana last year because he's
gonna have a bigger role but you guys
are not getting all-star wore hit Bert I
want to talk a little bit about the
Cleveland Cavaliers who just broke that
they're targeting Joe Johnson in a trade
with the Brooklyn Nets you put Joe
Johnson at that to guard you have Kyrie
Irving Joe Johnson LeBron James
Kevin Love and Mozgov this is a little
premature but that has to start getting
you thinking about a Cavs and Spurs
Finals rematch different teams LaMarcus
Aldridge on the Spurs now obviously this
would be Kyrie and Joe Johnson and Kevin
Love but nonetheless Spurs Cavs Finals
rematch LeBron Duncan I know it's still
early but Jesus the Cavs get Joe Johnson
and he's making 25 million dollars next
year so that just shows that they do not
care about going over the cap paying the
luxury tags they're trying to win LeBron
wants to bring that title to Cleveland
um I just honestly just saw this report
the Lakers have signed Lou Williams from
the Toronto Raptors
I like that signing I haven't I didn't
see them the contract terms or how much
the salary is how long it is but right
off the bat Lou Williams the Lakers need
any the Lakers need bodies they had so
much cob space and no one wanted to sign
there for them to get Lou Williams
that's he was one of the best free
agents left on the market he's gonna
help their bench him and Nick young a
lot of swag off that bench no really the
Lakers needed any help they could get
Lou lanes gonna be a big get I like that
last but not least I just want to tell
you guys that from my next video I
wanted to do a Q&A question answer I
want you guys to leave your questions
down below in the comments you know
anything about NBA basketball
predictions biggest steals of the off
season like you know anything NBA I'll
kind of mention who asked that question
and in my next video I'll give you guys
answers to those questions
um yeah that's pretty much it I did want
to mention that a lot of tears did come
out yesterday when LaMarcus Aldridge
made his decision I'm not ashamed of
that I don't know how long did it take
me to get over it I'm still not over it
good luck to the Spurs I wish he came to
Phoenix um at least I'm not crying
anymore so there's that but thank you
guys for watching leave your questions
below again the link to where all the
frames have signed is going to be in the
description enjoy the rest
