what's up everybody bruh wadis NBA show
I'm your host Brandon the waters
free agency edition I don't even know
what to say yeah it hasn't even been 24
hours it's been about 20 hours since we
agency started it has been nuts it's
been crazy 24 players over 1 billion
dollars in contract money it hasn't even
been a day this is if you're an NBA fan
this is Christmas and your birthday
combined nothing could beat this I've
been put my phone down for the past 24
hours first off I want to start off just
by explaining the salary cap because the
question I've been getting most why are
players getting these huge contracts why
is this guy getting this much money why
is this guy getting overpaid the salary
cap NBA salary cap is going up every
single year for the next three years I
think it's around 62 or 63 million
dollars this year next year is gonna go
up to 67 the year after that is gonna go
to 89 million dollars a huge boost
salary cap the year after that it goes
up to over a hundred million dollars so
the contract players are getting might
seem like a bit pricey for today's NBA
but you got to remember the league
salary cap is going up players are
getting deals that might be bargains in
a few years you never know before I get
into all the free agent signings I just
want to go into the rumors of players
who haven't signed yet Wes Matthews I've
read now going back to Portland deciding
between the Toronto Raptors and the
Dallas Mavericks Monta Ellis I've read
it's pretty much a done deal he goes to
Indiana Oh for three years they had
dinner with him tonight I haven't heard
that he's met with any other teams looks
like a log he'll go east which is smart
because it's way harder to win in the
West David West
speaking of West David was there was a
report that he wanted to go to New York
he pretty much came out and shut that
down today saying he has no interest in
playing for the Knicks he pretty much
said they're not good enough he wants to
play for a contender he's 35 years old
that makes sense
Greg Monroe he's meeting with the Laker
and meeting with the Celtics I've read
interesting he I'm meeting with Portland
and the New York Knicks those are
probably the two frontrunners I wouldn't
be surprised if Boston Jepson but I
think right now between Portland and New
York DeAndre Jordan met with Dallas I
think two times before he met with any
other team he's still meeting with the
Lakers he's obviously meeting with the
Clippers I think he goes back to the
Clippers wouldn't be surprised if he
goes to Dallas balanced that one's tough
to predict I think it's between Dallas
or the Clippers but the Lakers do have
an outside shot pretty much because it
looks like they strike tout on all the
other free agents LaMarcus Aldridge
the biggest name in the pool biggest
name that's gonna switch teams San
Antonio Spurs obvious frontrunner they
met with him today reports say that they
left a big impression on him obviously
David Robinson Tim Duncan who would he
pass the torch to LaMarcus Aldridge
everything sounds so appealing
championship contender that's appealing
to him I would not be surprised if he's
signed with the Spurs
I read that he he ruled out the Los
Angeles Lakers rumors I don't know how
much Ruth does have to them him and Kobe
didn't gel in last night's team meeting
he also didn't like the basketball part
of their presentation I read that they
tried to sell him too much on the
tradition and history of the Lakers
rather than what they're gonna do to win
next season also the dark horse you
gotta watch in the LaMarcus Aldridge
sweepstakes the Phoenix Suns surprising
everybody including myself I'm a sons
fan as you see with the jerseys the
Phoenix Suns are legitimate contenders
in the LaMarcus Aldridge sweepstakes I
don't know how this happened I'm not
sure what to make of it but ESPN Yahoo
Sports they all report that they're up
there with the Spurs they met with him
today for over two hours they pitched
him on the weather in Phoenix the up and
coming guards and Eric Bledsoe and
Brandon Knight the newly acquired center
Tyson Chandler and being the face of a
franchise who has never won an NBA
championship they're pretty much selling
him on why won a championship in San
Antonio
who's done it plenty of times when you
could come to Phoenix and bring the
first NBA championship to this sports
town
I'm not sure how far it'll go but it
appears that the sons are in his top 2
tomorrow he's gonna come out with just 3
teams my guess
Spurs Suns and Rockets teams teams are
gonna be informed which which three are
in the in the running for LaMarcus and
then he'll make his decision from there
all right now on to the signings excuse
me but I have to use this paper
Cavaliers reassigned Kevin loves five
years a hundred ten million dollars max
money and then they refined Tristan
Thompson for five years 80 plus million
dollars if he doesn't start that's a ton
of money to pay for a bench guy but hey
LeBron Watson he's gonna get it they
also reached on Iman Shumpert four years
forty million dollars now on to the sons
they signed Brandon Knight five years
seventy million dollars that's 14
million a year
identical contract that they gave to
Eric Bledsoe last year they also signed
veteran Tyson Chandler four years a
little bit over 50 million dollars I
like this move for the sons last year
you know duis missing teen buses
technical fouls disrespecting the head
coach they needed a veteran leader like
Tyson Chandler who won an NBA
championship he brings toughness most
importantly he brings respect biggest
contract extensions Anthony Davis he
deserved every single penny of this
contract five years 145 million dollars
a year
I mean 145 million dollars total over
five years that's crazy but he deserves
it he's hands-down he could end up being
one of the best players to ever play
this game in other news the Blazers
Damien Lillard
five years a hundred and thirty million
dollars I make this face because I think
he's overpaid five years 130 million
dollars that's 26 million dollars per
year for Damien Lillard whoo but don't
get me wrong he's a great player kludge
he could hit plenty of tough shots but
for his defense passing his efficiency
I'm not sure how far he's gonna take the
team without LaMarcus Aldridge in West
Matthews
be interesting is just a ton of money
for a player who I don't think can
produce for that money I don't know
Grizzlies they signed Brandan Wright
three years 18 million dollars solid
pickup for them al-farouq Aminu also
went to Portland four years thirty
million dollars
the Bulls re-sign Jimmy Butler five
years over 90 million dollars I think
that's fair for him they also got Mike
Dunleavy for three years and 15 mill I
think that's a steal for him he probably
wanted to stay there
the Spurs Rees on Kawhi Leonard max
money five years they also brought back
Danny Green which some thought they
weren't gonna do they brought him back
four years forty five million dollars
and they traded Tiago Splitter and
pretty much a salary dump so they could
create cab space to bring in LaMarcus
Aldridge Brooklyn Nets they resigned
Brook Lopez for three years sixty
million dollars which is a hefty price
but when the big man's healthy he
produces Thad young four years fifty mil
DeMarre Carroll took his talents to
Toronto on a four-year sixty million
dollar contract fifteen million dollars
a year for DeMarre Carroll I hope I hope
he repeats his playoff success because
that's a ton of money
Paul Peters on his way to LA I called
this last week I knew he was on his way
there he signed for you're gonna be
surprised three years three year
contract for Paul Pierce and I think
that's a if I miss anything it'll be in
the description below I'm gonna because
I know it was hard to keep up I'm gonna
pull all the free agent signings so far
in the description below I hope you
liked this video was really hard to keep
up with all this but as an NBA fan I'm
sure all of you guys know this is great
for this is what we live for I love this
first week of July free agency nothing
could beat it alright I hope you guys
