what's going on guys you're watching the
bharatas NBA show draft edition
I'm your host Belinda wallet today we're
going to be discussing everything NB job
we're gonna start off with the drafts
biggest steals a number ten yesterday
the Miami he selected small forward out
of Duke University justice window this
kid was a projected top five pick
throughout the entire college season
leading up to the draft I don't know how
he felt 210 I know one thing Pat Riley
is not complaining about this pick the
Miami are lucky to land this kid he's
people see him as a mix between Jimmy
Butler and Kawhi Leonard best-case
scenario I wouldn't be surprised if he
gets up to that status Bobby Portis
powerful that Arkansas pick 22nd overall
by the Chicago Bulls this kid could have
went 13th or 14th two sons of thunder he
saw all the way to 22 maybe Fred Hoiberg
plays his rookies on like Tom Thibodeau
we're gonna see why this kid was a steal
rondae hollis-jefferson out of Arizona
picked right after Bobby Portis at 23 he
was selected by Portland but he's gonna
be actually going to Brooklyn and that
Mason Plumlee deal arguably the best
defender in the draft a hell of an
athlete he obviously needs to improve
his offense but I think Brooklyn fans
are gonna be real happy with this kid my
last draft a steal RJ hunter he he
could've went late lottery or our worst
early 20s this kid fell all the way to
28 he fell to the Celtics I think this
is maybe the only smart move they made
during the draft I was worried he was
gonna go to Golden State as if they
needed any more shooters this capers
flat out shoot he could score the ball
he's kind of a combo point and shooting
guard I think he's a perfect fit for
Boston and a great value at 28 the
biggest reaches in the first round I'm
gonna have to go with will cauley-stein
number six there were reports right
before the draft that he would fall due
to the injury that he had in his fur
ankle he could have fell all the way to
9 9 to 13 he could have felt in 9 10 11
12 and the Kings took him at 6 but what
do you expect there are the Sacramento
Kings also Trey Lyles at number 12 I
don't know I don't know how he fits Utah
honestly maybe they're looking to move
one of their big men
I think he couldn't went in the late
teens mid 20s they took him at 12 when
all when Devin Booker was still
available in Utah neat shooting last
first round reach that I have Terry
Rozier out of Louisville
Boston took him six teeth overall this
kid was a projected late first-round
pick Boston did not need any more guards
they took in 16th overall I don't know
how that's gonna pan out biggest winners
of this draft for sure the Houston
Rockets I give them an A+
they took Sam Dekker 18 this kid could
have been a top 10 pick
they took montrezl harrell in the second
round montrezl harrell second round
that's how I'm going to say they also
just signed Christian wood out of UNLV
who is arguably the best undrafted free
agent that was out there they definitely
won this draft I give them an A also the
Minnesota Timberwolves you're always
gonna be a winner when you have the
number one pick they took karl-anthony
towns but then they also sign they also
traded for ties Jones they traded two
first-round picks to Cleveland for a
winning point guard this point guard
went to a Final Four he won a
championship with Duke he flat on knows
how to win even if he's just gonna be a
backup for Ricky Rubio Philadelphia
76ers people complain oh they got they
have too many centers now they drafted
Julia locavore words you're gonna play
with embiid and Noel first of all if
Jalil Okafor is there at 3 in any draft
you always take him 76ers got what could
have been a number one pick in any other
drafts at number three this makes and
beat expendable this makes Nerlens Noel
expendable if they wanted to trade one
of them I think if there's one thing
Julie Okafor as a keeper another big
winner
obviously the Miami Heat they took
justice Winslow 10th overall I already
explained why guys one of the biggest
steals in the draft
Pat Riley comes out on top once again
another team who was a winner the Denver
Nuggets they picked Emmanuel mudiay
point guard who played in China seventh
overall this kid was supposed to be top
5 pig you could argue that he's actually
the best point guard in the draft over
the angel Russell I don't think that
myself but some people do
this makes Ty Lawson tradeable who he
wants to get out of Denver it's no
secret he wants to leave Denver they
drafted point guard of the future
Emmanuel mudiay they're winners in this
biggest my three second round pigs who
are gonna have the biggest impact in the
NBA five years from today our one
montrezl harrell power forward out of
Louisville I I explained I don't know
how he fell to the SEC around to Houston
he was a projected first round pick
I don't think any rockets fans are gonna
be complaining about him second Jordan
Mickey who was picked right after Harold
33rd by the Boston Celtics he's kind of
undersized but he led the nation in
blocks he averaged over three and a half
blocks a game super athletic Boston's
gonna be real happy with him considering
they got him in the second round also
Pat Connaughton out of Notre Dame
he got selected 41st by Brooklyn but
he's he's gone his way to Portland and
that makes him homely trade he was a
projected second round Pig I'm not sure
why great value right there 41st pick
for a guy like that you guys will see
five years from now also I just want to
throw out there there's always busts in
the first round
maybe even in the top three picks I just
want to say top three picks and these
drafts are gonna be great karl-anthony
towns Jalil Okafor and DeAngelo Russell
who knows one of them could buzz but I'm
just saying now I see it they're all
gonna be great players I don't think any
of Minnesota Los Angeles or Philly are
gonna be complaining about any of their
pigs and that's it for today thank you
for watching
