don't be in it yet I'll call you when
it's time for you
Showtime what is going on you guys
Brandon here aka bro artists and today i
am bringing you guys a brand new video
with my favorite cousin like this wait
my favorite cousin Hey I really AM his
favorite cousin like if you guys think
he's joking he's really not no it's not
that I'm joking but I do say every one
of my cousins my favorite dad you're my
favorite cousin and tell me Andy in the
front she's my favorite cousin too you
know I think it's inhaler time it tastes
like a whoopee cushion okay guys so if
you're wondering why I have an inhaler
this cough cough you know what are you
doing you having a party the front seat
or what so I've had this really really
bad cough for I'd say like two months
now and it actually turns out that I
have bronchitis and I'm just like yo how
the hell am I bronchitis so they said
specifically B whooping cough and then
they also gave me an inhaler and that's
because what every time I play
basketball with this bronchitis it gets
really really hard for me to breathe so
they pretty much gave me a choice either
stop playing basketball or take this
inhaler with you every time you play so
I obviously chose that and now I'm
hashtag inhaler game we're going to the
mall we're taking a trip to the mall we
got two more cousins in front of us they
don't want to come in my car they
actually did but I have no you have no
okay but let's just say I hate Jessica
Sardi they should get mad because we're
family were close I think she'll be
really mad okay guys we're going to the
mall and we'll pick up this video when
we get there
I just want to say that if I don't make
it alive after this car ride I love my
hope because you have an inhaler doesn't
mean you can't drive fast how can i
trendle and rush look oh my god let me
try it
Chanel it's not a toy Paul and guys by
the way I have to go back next week to
check if it's asthma so now it's just
bronchitis just bronchitis I actually
witnessed one time he was eating a
burrito a lot of coffee and he had a
coffee tack for like 10 minutes and he
would not stop and that's what I knew it
was bronchitis because I never met I
thought he was joking so I just kept
laughing keep laughing guys update I
freaking dropped my inhaler now has
scratches look
why couldn't I drop my phone or my
bracelet or anything else it had to be
the inhaler go I need good music for
this let's test the temperature it's
cool okay I can now say that Brandon is
actually the definition of extra who's
extra huge hopefully the clothes I buy
today or an extra we need good deals and
sales oh wait are you buying me clothes
too if you deserve it surprising my
favorite cousin with $5,000 shopping
spree click yo look who's here my
favorite cousins
oh we're twins mine's in the car though
you have one shot I tell them we're not
going no man is this the right way to do
it
we're gonna get hit by a car just like
here let me try Mandy it's not a joke or
a game why do we pick to go to outdoor
malls when it's winter time and it's
cold outside wait with could it be
Oh her red bottoms red bottoms Jesus
blood shoes those are red all over
bloody shoes those are murdering someone
not just stabbing them shopping all
night with three girls someone please
take me home
what where what I only wear red bottoms
nope not tan bottoms she doesn't say
these are tan bottoms I never heard that
did you Wow Jess let me just tell you
that is so cute I don't know if I've
ever seen anything cuter because I want
you to jump in the fountain yeah come on
Jess it would be funny for the world
Chanel if you jump in the fountain come
on come on don't you guys feel bad
you're going in the pool yeah yeah
that's true one time when I was like
five years old
Brandon flipped me over I was literally
just putting my hand in the water and he
so haven't you heard of reminisce the
old moments come on don't you feel bad
for me I got bronchitis I know how to
make you feel bad for me okay you guys
all said no to jumping in the fountain
right how about now please
so are you really getting these jeans I
think I'm gonna play chess on your legs
checkmate
I don't know who taught these girls
style in fashion but it sure wasn't me
what it says Magnum oh no it says it
says Belgium Jess you know rice gum
aren't you gonna take a shower tonight
anyways yes but hold on I'm finished so
like you're gonna be underwater anyways
you might as well do it for a good video
am i right no Jess my favorite cousin no
I just have a question do you plan on
taking a shower later do you plan on
taking a shower later today I just okay
fine you're no-go where's you know Oh
Chanel would you like those clothes paid
for you know I'll trade you Bosley for
you jumping in the fountain hey Chanel
that's like me talking about your family
I don't do that good buzz is boring then
what are you fun at least Bosley doesn't
wear a checkerboard jeans me when people
talk shit about Bosley
I can't do it I swear I gotta go I can't
stay shopping for three girls there's no
way that's too much stress out of here I
gotta go Oh does this look good on me
Jessica oh this is good on me Chanel
girl that looks amazing on you you look
beautiful in that you look so cute in
that Chanel
oh no Justin you look extremely cute in
that uh-uh I'm out I gotta go okay hold
on I'm just joking so the reason I did
that is because I thought there was a
bathroom here so you know I was gonna
walk into the bathroom and then be like
oh I'm just joking and I really leave I
just had to look so bad but it turns out
there is no bathroom here so but I
wasn't joking shopping with three girls
if you're by yourself is ain't no no you
know you know what this calls for
okay guys so I'm still looking for the
bathroom
here's the fountain that I'm trying to
get you know to jump into you think she
would hit her head on one of the
Dolphins on their fins I don't think
it's deep enough it's like one feet if I
were to get kicked by the hose right now
oh my god I think I'd be at the doctor
for ten years straight
that's literally your definition of I'm
gonna kick your ass sheesh sharper than
Dracula's teeth sharper than Bosley's
claws or paws whatever he has scheana
next time I ask you to jump in the
fountain this should be your answer can
the Phoenix Suns win the championship
next year can I go to the gym and play
baseball right now can Bosley lose some
weight and not be sick anymore
can Bosley like me can Chanel stop
recording me from the back okay guys so
I know it's freezing cold here but
there's one problem this hoodie doesn't
match my outfit so I'm a throwback to
2005 remember when you would wear a
hoodie to school and then you wouldn't
like it so then you would do this
ready
I look what uh handsome you look so
handsome
Chanel you know what no I heard you call
me dumb so just cause you called you
dumb that calls for brandy if you're
wondering what this string is right here
don't act like you don't you guys
already know yes I'm wearing basketball
shorts under my jeans you know just in
case someone tries to pull up and play
some basketball I'm ready I'm not if
somebody pulls up and says yo I'm trying
to play you one-on-one I don't want to
say oh no I don't have my clothes no you
just do this I hate you guys let me
teach you what to tell a girl who's
taken 600 snapshots just to get the
right one
Chanel don't worry about it you're
beautiful no it's you know I swear you
look good trust me the snapshots you've
taken they all look so nice just post
them okay pretend the camera is off
Chanel I mean I look view should take
another one
just joking guys I'm nice to my favorite
cousin once she jumps in the fountain
okay guys so everyone and their whole
family is looking at me as if they've
never seen someone wear a basketball
shorts with jeans like this
anyone wants to play but I need a ball
go way we think we gonna give you the
book can you read basketball from the
ball am i doing it
am I getting
wait hello I'm calling the police
Manny may be fine the cops the police
this is everybody's just staring
fine man you know I want to end my night
in jail I'll let you pay for my bail
thumbnail time is this your worst father
they were happiest your YouTube
thumbnail face okay Chanel what's yours
what's yours
jackass Jessica that's an Instagram
smile another thumbnail face oh I think
I should be in the thumbnail all where's
Dennis when you need him Dennis would
have taken the picture she now a little
more angry you're nice Mandy I think
thumbnails but if you look at the camera
yeahjust that's good don't worry about
strangers looking it's fun for a
thumbnail they don't understand but they
will one day hold on
shanell mad mad angry upset okay hold on
okay gentlemen now don't make me take
the g's off and cross you guys up Jess
you're lucky they don't do rent to
basketball at this mall oh my gosh how
did I shoot Jessica Jess goes on my
Reckling team how old were we like 10 or
9 I would tell my teammates don't pass
Jessica the ball she doesn't know how to
score but then to Jessica's face I just
pick it open I'll pass you the ball ok
ladies the fountain is coming up your
last chance to change your mind
can we reenact when we the pool is deep
it's like 1 foot
let's just reenact when you were kids ok
how were you seeing me when I pushed you
first of all she not all the kid do you
forgive me or no Chanel put Jessica just
imagine Jess you get pushed on top of
the Dolphins pin well if you did that I
wouldn't know what title to come up with
the fight after or getting pushed into
the fountain no I wouldn't know it's
thumbnail to you Chanel punching gesture
she's not falling into the fountain I
guess this is goodbye bye bye bye bye
bye ok no no but before I leave because
I want to see if I'm gonna enjoy my
drive home or be depressed
what are your honest opinions on Bosley
I like him mm-hmm the I burgers bother
me but other than that I like his shape
I like his brown eyes
do you okay but he can't control the eye
burger if you think about it just like
you know no because when you wake up
Jess I've slept next you before you wake
up with some messy-ass either this juice
okay Chanel hold on why are you trying
to walk away I had the question for you
like I would just wish he liked me back
okay
like what is what does she tell you
behind my back what does she tell you on
my back Jessica what does she tell you
yeah why would he not be does Bosley
really think that he's famous
wait Jessica's just asking okay she no
no no you you go home I don't care I
don't care you go home
yo Mandy what do you think about Bosley
but like what else what else yeah he's
very cute huh
he smells very good huh wait better
Mandy how do you smell you smell like a
sewer
she said Bosley smells bad yep
bye guys it's nice knowing you okay well
now that my cousin's left me I guess
it's just me myself and my inhaler baby
good thing I got this thing else I would
have been so lonely I think I'm gonna
name him or her or whatever it is let me
check yeah this is definitely a boy no
so this one time video I've kind of been
laughing and joking and messing around
but what the doctor told me today was
actually some serious stuff I just
didn't want to show it because my job is
to entertain you guys make you guys
laugh make you guys happy so I don't
want to sit there and make a video all
depressed and upset and mad I feel like
that's just not the type of person I am
but now for the answer I'm gonna get
into what the doctor really said so it
got really really hard for me to breathe
like when I was trying to go to sleep
and sometimes when I played basketball I
would literally be gasping for air and
they took some x-rays on my chest and
they actually found out that it was
something way worse than they thought
last month so they diagnosed me with
bronchitis and they actually said it was
whooping cough which they said is one of
the most painful forms of bronchitis so
they gave me these pills that are much
stronger they also gave me the inhaler
the inhaler they said is because there's
a chance that I have asthma and they
don't know for sure so I got to go back
next week and check up on that
I don't really mention this in my vlog
because like I said I don't want to make
the vlogs down or sad or anything like
that but in the past few weeks I've
literally woke up in the middle of the
night and coughed so bad
to the bathroom and just start throwing
up I saw vomiting because of my call or
sometimes I woke up in the middle of the
night and I've been this close to
calling 9-1-1 because i literally can't
breathe I can't breathe that all so when
I told her that she immediately
prescribed an inhaler because she said
that's not normal and I mean she told me
to stop playing basketball at least for
a couple of weeks and when I told her
like you know I love basketball I want
to keep playing she said have this with
you every time you play basketball just
in case something happens she did say
she doesn't recommend me playing but you
guys know me basketball I love the game
I got an extremely strong passion for
basketball so I can't just cut it out of
my life and stop playing so I'm gonna
keep playing basketball but I'll keep
this handy job it's extremely contagious
so I'm gonna try to be more to myself
these next couple weeks and hopefully
when I go back she doesn't tell me that
I have asthma
but yeah guys hopefully my nights get
better my sleeps get better with the
help of these things other than that
guys I hope you guys enjoyed this video
please subscribe to this channel if you
are new I'm Brandon aka broadest sink
Brandon aka everybody's I love you guys
all and I'm out peace
