hey everybody you're watching the
bravados NBA show and I'm your host
brain antibodies today's episode we're
going to be discussing the latest NBA
trade rumors and news about upcoming
free agents we're gonna start off with
Denver who it's known that they have a
shake relationship with their star point
guard Ty Lawson and apparently they're
trying to send him to Sacramento for
their sixth overall pick in next year's
draft Sacramento
recently hired head coach George Karl
who coached high Watson in Denver a few
years back and Sacramento's they've
they've been trying to make the playoffs
these past few years in it they haven't
gotten some good results so adding Ty
Lawson would help I don't know if they
would give up the sixth overall pick
because you could drive someone
potentially younger has a higher ceiling
than Ty Lawson and he's going to be way
cheaper Ty Lawson is owed twelve and
thirteen million dollars over the next
two years
so I'm not sure if the Kings buy it but
the Nuggets are trying to get that deal
done and now we head over to Cleveland
where David Griffin Cleveland Cavaliers
GM since he expects LeBron James and
Kevin Love to opt out of their contracts
which is no surprise he also said that
he expects both of them to be back
LeBron he's back you don't have to worry
about that he's gonna be signed
short-term long-term doesn't matter he's
going back to Cleveland Kevin Love on
the other hand interesting GNC is gonna
resign because obviously out of all the
big-name free agents he might be the one
that people most expect to leave leave
Cleveland to make things worse for Kevin
Love returning to Cleveland Tristan
Thompson Tristan Thompson's agent has
let it be known to Cleveland that
Tristan Thompson wants either a max
contract or near max contract he already
turned down a thirteen million dollar a
year contract over four years with
Cleveland so that gives you a little
idea of what he's expecting they
resigned Tristan Thompson to a max
contract you don't expect to pay max
money for someone's coming off the bench
so if he does get that max contract
which I'm sure he will just because if
you guys didn't know Tristan Thompson's
agent is also LeBron James agent
LeBron James likes Tristan Thompson he
wants him to save the Cavs that's
probably was going to happen also uh
news regarding gonna say warriors first
of all congratulations to the lawyers on
winning the NBA championship it was
impressive mainly because they didn't
add anyone to that team any new players
and they went from being a six seed and
a first-round out in the playoffs to
winning the championship so hats off
that's impressive
they are working on a trade to get David
Lee out of there not on bad terms
they're on good terms
they've spoke with his agent they spoke
with David Lee they they don't want to
keep him on the bench they want to go
let him go somewhere where he's gonna
get playing time I'm not sure if a
team's gonna buy he's 32 years old and
he makes over 15 million dollars next
year but that's an expiring contract so
it's not like he's gonna be on the books
for a long time I'm sure they'll find a
trade partner for him another thing Paul
Pierce
clippers I mentioned it last show
apparently
the Clippers do have interest in signing
Paul Peters Doc Rivers recently came out
and said that Lance Stephenson will not
show that small forward he's more of a
utility player coming off the bench so
there is confirmed interest that the
Clippers do have in populous if he up
side with the Wizards there's no word if
he's gonna opt out but if he does look
closely him and the Clippers do have
interest in each other as I said before
he grew up in LA
Inglewood played for Doc Rivers for nine
years last but not least I'm not sure if
this is more of a rumor scenario I'm not
sure but Chad Ford ESPN Insider came out
today and said that if the Knicks don't
like anyone available on number four
that they're gonna be looking to trade
that pick if they do trading he said
something that intrigues them is trading
that picture the Phoenix Suns four star
point guard Eric Bledsoe and Phoenix
Suns first first-round pick number 13 as
a Suns fan that trade is terrible you
give up Eric Bledsoe who's proven to be
a starting point guard and sleep two-way
player defense offense and still
improving he's only been
starter for a year now not even a year
and a half a year and my two months
you're also giving up your 13th pick in
a deep deep draft for the fourth overall
pick look at it this way
D'Angelo Russell jahlil okafor and
karl-anthony towns will likely be gone
by number four so you're essentially
trading Eric Bledsoe and potentially
Frank Kaminsky Devin Booker Bobby Portis
one of those Trey Lyles one of those
players Myles Turner
for who chrisp porzingis Emmanuel mudiay
you're giving a Bledsoe and a
first-round pick for someone who may or
may never turn out to be as good as
Bledsoe I don't like that
if that trade ever did happen which
there's no legs to it it's just a
scenario that he brought up if that
trade did happen the Knicks would be
robbing the Suns I do not think that
Suns go for it they just traded Draghi
slots here blood cells under contract
for four more years so I don't think
that happens if it does the next just
robbed Phoenix blind will see draft
night as I said one week away I can't
wait I'm sure you guys can't wait this
is it for the second episode of the
bharatas NBA show we just went over the
latest news of going around the NBA I
hope you guys
