what's up everybody Brandon and waters
here for water 78 show I was about
planning on making a video today but
something happen and I'm not gonna lie
it's bothering me Marcus Morris former
player for the Phoenix Suns just keeps
on bashing the Suns whether on Twitter
interviews just I'm not sure why but I'm
gonna give you guys a little background
of everything before I go into what I
think about this whole situation
so Marcus Morris was played at Kansas
for college with his brother Markieff
they played there
they played high school ball together
they played a middle school ball
together in fact they still lives
together right now I ate 25 they have
the same exact tattoos they're there at
school they're as close as any two
brothers could get um Marcus Morris was
drafted by the Houston Rockets markeith
by the Phoenix Suns and after one year
the Phoenix Suns decided to bring Marcus
Morris to Phoenix to pair him with his
brother you know they know they love
playing with each other so for the past
two and a half or three seasons they've
been playing with each other
everyone knows the Morris twins play for
the Phoenix Suns and they were kind of
inseparable um for for a bunch of
different reasons Marcus Morris was
traded to the Detroit Pistons a couple
weeks ago while his brother stayed on
the Suns and you know everyone's like oh
my gosh they got separated blah blah
well the reason they were they got
traded is for two reasons one the
Phoenix Suns saw a real shot they had to
sign LaMarcus Aldridge but they didn't
have enough money so they traded three
players to clear up cap space and one of
those players happened to be Marcus
Morris and you know people could say oh
what a fail because they didn't even
sign LaMarcus no because that wasn't the
main reason those three players were
traded the Phoenix Suns had five small
forwards five that's a huge log jam you
don't go into a season with five players
at the same position you go in with two
maybe three so they traded three small
forwards Danny Granger Reggie Bullock
and Marcus Morris was the third so for
obvious reasons he wasn't too happy
about that
but at the end of the day it's a
business so you gotta go on with it um
but I digress at his press conference
with the Pistons because that's why I
got traded to he said he said three
things that bothered me one he said that
he didn't have the opportunity to play
he downed the opportunity to shine as a
player with the Suns - he said that it
was like a slap in the face by the Suns
to trade him without his consent three
he said that it wasn't right for him to
be traded for the contract or for the
money that he took from the Suns meaning
he's pretty much saying that he took a
pay cut to stay with his brother um
before I get into that I'm gonna keep
blowing what he said
he also said yesterday on Twitter he
tweeted to Archie Goodwin saying you
killed it in summer league for them
clowns Archie Goodwin obviously a
current player for the Phoenix Suns he
played summer league for the Sun Marcus
Morris referring to the Suns as them
clowns it's been almost a month since
the trade so I don't know why he's still
on it but apparently he is um also this
morning he tweeted I don't know where he
tweeted blocking most Suns fans on
Twitter with a bunch of laughing emojis
most of y'all are bandwagon fans anyways
okay now I'ma getting to my thoughts yes
I understand
brothers are close they played with each
other for the last three seasons they
enjoyed that very much but let's see
hold on let me just see this Marcus
Morris last season on national TV in
front of hundreds of thousands of
viewers maybe even millions of viewers
yelled and I say yelled you could save
much more than yell he got into coach
hornacek face face to face on national
TV yelling at him spit coming out of his
mouth for a good 10 seconds just all in
his face
um I'm surprised he didn't get suspended
for that he did get benched for the rest
of the game but that was one of the most
disrespectful things I've ever seen from
a player to a coach let alone on live TV
where everyone's watching
so there's one thing another thing is
that I told you guys him and his brother
do everything together well they're
undergoing trial right now for felony
assault for they beat this guy up at an
Arizona gym felony assault for because
there were rumors that he talked he was
texting their mom in an inappropriate
manner um but yeah I mean you could just
see that he wasn't the best professional
and I loved Marcus Morris like I met him
a couple of times I watched him play
whether live or whether on TV for the
past three years like I'm not saying
anything about him I actually compare
him to Carmelo Anthony like he could see
the score at the end of the day he could
score the ball he's a good bench player
that's what he is
um now beginning to my thoughts so in
his press conference with Detroit when
he said he didn't have an opportunity to
shine with the Suns 90% of the time he
was the first body off that bench he
consistently got 20 to 30 minutes a game
I mean he's not a starter it's the truth
he's a good NBA bench player he's a
great world player but he's not a
starter he cannot he's not a starter so
for him to be getting consistent minutes
game after game almost to almost 30
minutes a game and you say you didn't
have the opportunity to shine I mean you
want to play the whole game with no rest
like that made no sense another thing
when he said that it was a slap in the
face for the Suns to trade him without
consent Marcus there are star players
who get traded without their consent and
role players are traded the a ton of
role players are traded every single
season there's no problem with that
like you're not LeBron James or Kobe
Bryant I'm sure the Phoenix Suns did not
have to do not have to ask you if
they're allowed to trade you it's a
business you caused trouble on the court
but that's a different story they had a
log jam as small forward and they
decided to trade some of them which was
the right move there's another reason so
and then third when he said that pretty
much saying he took a pay cut to stay
with his brother and the sons traded him
Marcus five million a year for a bench
player who averages less than nine
points a game
seems fair to me especially since when
you got that contract it was when the
salary cap was still low but under 60
million I am five million dollars is
fair the most maybe on the open market
he could have got one or two million
dollars more but there's no reason to
bring up the money that I took from the
sun's no also when he called the suns
clowns it's been like a month since the
trade happened I mean if you're still
not over it I don't know I don't know
what to say but I'm not Marcus Morris I
don't control Twitter he could say
whatever he wants I just don't think
that makes sense for him to call Phoenix
Suns fans bandwagons
correct me if I'm wrong but the Phoenix
Suns have never won an NBA championship
they haven't made the playoffs in five
years I don't know why people would
bandwagon on the Suns that makes no
sense like I talked to a bunch of NBA
fans every day and rarely do I bump into
one who says oh yeah I'm a Suns fan it
just doesn't happen you hear Lakers you
hear heat you hear Cavs you hear
warriors you just don't run into it no
you don't bandwagon for a team who has
never won an NBA championship and it's
currently not a playoff team um that's
pretty much all I have to say I
understand why I guess he's mad that he
got traded away from his brother but
it's not like it was out of nowhere the
Suns had to trade a few small forwards
and he was one of them let alone the
fact of how much trouble him and his
brother caused on the court and off the
court last year and I'm not calling them
trouble troublemakers we're not getting
into that but I mean they did some
things that professional NBA players
just don't do and I mean I'm not gonna
lie it bothers me that Marcus is still
bashing the Phoenix Suns which is an
organization who values the players that
play for them presently and in the past
I mean they're not I don't know well I
mean that's all I have to say for today
I mean leave a comment let me know what
you guys think about this whole
situation but I mean those are my
thoughts and I hope you guys enjoyed
