what's up everybody today's video kind
of like a farewell or like a speech to
everyone that I worked with actually let
me correct that I don't have anything
written down or planned so if I forget
somebody that I worked with or if I
forget to mention something about
someone I worked with just let me know
because I worked with so many people and
I do love you guys all so don't forget
that if you guys didn't know I worked
albertsons
which got bought out by Hagin grocery
and about a month or two into that
transition Hagin was doing so poorly
that they laid off 15 out of 20 beggars
including myself I was one of those 15
and about last week when I came back
from my cruise I found out that they
laid off the remaining five beggars plus
ten other employees from different
departments so I don't know what's going
on with that but I'm gonna start off
with obviously Billy who was my boss the
hiring manager he hired me honestly I
didn't even look at him as a boss you
could have looked at him as a boss a
father a friend a co-worker there were
so many like you don't walk into Billy's
office saying oh shoot I'm gonna go talk
to my boss or my manager no you walk in
thing you're gonna talk to your friend
like Billy was honestly I could say this
with so much confidence I have no idea
where I'm gonna work for the rest of my
life no idea but I can honestly say that
Billy will be the coolest manager that
I've ever had there is nobody that could
beat him in that that spa like he
literally had the entire Phoenix Sun
schedule printed out and taped in his
office so that I wouldn't miss any son's
games I would get the time off when
there was a game Billy I love you if you
ever need any food you have my number so
just text me and I'll bring you some
food um other managers Todd Surf's Up
Amanda I enjoyed closing with you I
started closing shifts near the end of
my my days at Hagen's I enjoyed closing
with you Mike Rogers don't know why you
hate me but let's just let that go
Chaz you were really cool
Patrick stop being so big you need to
stop working out no I'm just joking keep
going with that we already had a bond
because you work out and I'm at the gym
all the time I'm pretty sure that's the
first time I've seen you at the gym um
now I'm gonna go on to the baggers or
combos whatever no particular order
again Debra you were really cool but you
gotta stop with that uh putting your
phone on the register and texting what
no one's looking I don't mean to put you
on the spot either Erin you know I love
you Erin but you gotta grow a few inches
now I'm just joking here and I love you
and I wish you luck wherever you go Ram
RAM keep doing what you're doing with
your video games my brother got far with
video games so I have confidence that
you're gonna do it too
Casey everyone thought we were talking I
had a thing I'm saying right now we
don't it's possible for a boy and a girl
to be friends Casey you were one of my
closest friends there in ian was my
friend at least from my point of view
I'm not sure how he saw it but he was my
friend in I do love you and I do hope
you get that job at best life you're
still looking for that Chanelle my
freaking cousin my first cousin it's so
cool to work with a family member
although we did goof around a little
should know I love you and I hope if we
do find jobs that we work together again
someday Queen the most annoying little
girl you've ever seen in your whole
entire life I guarantee you that but I
love her there's nobody in that store
that got me in trouble more than Queen
but I still love you Queen and we're
always gonna keep in touch um Marie I
like you cuz you work out keep doing
that
Oh Brittany me Brittany and my friend
Lawrence all got hired together so
Brittany was already one of the closest
people I had in that store and every
time I walked into work and she was
there I was just like okay like it's
gonna be a good day
so Brittany I do love you keep doing
what you're doing and send me pictures
once that baby comes out Jason I freakin
love Jason I'm not gonna miss him
because I see him almost every single
day at the gym
but I'm gonna miss working with him
Jason was my homie I don't care what
anybody says I freaking love Jason
Gordon keep messing around with your car
you had a Honda Civic now it looks like
a freaking spaceship I don't know what
the hell you're doing with that but keep
doing that I do love you to Sarabia I
don't know why I call you that there's
too many Justin's in that store I
enjoyed working with you and I think you
got the job at Vaughn so congrats on
that ty whatever you do good luck I
think you're trying to get that job at
fries or something but maybe being laid
off was a blessing in disguise so keep
trying to get that job CJ you're
obviously cool you look like Drake and
some people were saying that we look
alike so you're cool dude CJ Kirk Kirk
was my favorite bagger biggest purple
I've ever met on the entire planet in a
good way though tall skinny fat short
any girl that walked into that store
Kirk's eyes were like and I'm not saying
in a bad way Kirk I love you we go out
to eat from time to time you come and
watch me play basketball and we're gonna
keep doing that even though we don't
work together you have my number
sometimes I don't answer them answer
your phone calls and I don't do it on
purpose
but just keep contact me and we'll stay
in touch Kirk I freakin love you I'm
going to the cashiers Lauria sometimes I
see you walk through that register
purchasing this little wine bottles and
I don't know how you do it cuz I know
you're not 21 thing you're like 19 or 20
but it's good cuz they don't card there
no I'm just joking Lauri but you are
beautiful for your age I'm just joking
Lauri but you you were one of the
closest cash cashiers that I was with
over there you even know my mom you know
my family and I appreciate every time
you come in a compliment on my facebook
pictures and we're gonna stay in touch
same with Cathy I'm not sure how old she
claims to be but there's no way she's
really that old I think maybe in her 20s
she was my good friend who acted like my
mom but I didn't see her that way she
was a friend to me Maria I didn't get to
see you much because you were always
opening but I give you props for waking
up that early every single
I'm putting in work as soon as you wake
up uh marry one of my favorite cashiers
thank you for reading my NBA articles
and spreading the word about them and
I'm glad you enjoyed them if I do get
far I won't forget you
Araceli every time I double back
something I just want to apologize right
now
I promise in that job I have I'll single
back everything even if it's six bottles
of alcohol I'll just put that in one bag
for you thanks for being a pleasure to
work with Jamie also one of honestly the
chillest people that worked up an entire
store every time he was closing and I
was closing I already knew that night
was gonna be good so I do love you Jimmy
uh-oh Shireen triple og from the hood I
will never forget you or your stories it
was an honor working with you and I
honestly learned so much and I'm glad we
got really close and you're my facebook
friend so we'll keep in touch
Rosie in the short time that we worked
together you were at the top of my
favorite cashiers you were always
laughing always cracking jokes whether
it was making fun of me or making fun of
someone else you always made me laugh
and I loved bagging for you so thank you
for being a pleasure to work with Carlos
I don't know Carlos thanks for being a
manager there
now on to bill Bill strange the store
director thanks for giving me the
opportunity to work there and I honestly
don't know if I've seen anybody work as
hard as you I want to put you at the top
of my dad and you might actually beat
out my dad for one of the hardest
workers I've ever seen
um so thanks for being like that and
also being so nice to all your employees
Connor and Rachel hands down the couple
they got the couple award at that store
so cute together keep doing what you
guys are doing um some people from the
bakery will I freaking love you will
like we're gonna stay in touch for sure
I know you love me you will have the
biggest crush on me but
well we're gonna keep in touch just
don't forget that if you ever need to go
get a haircut you know I'm there every
single week so you're gonna bump into me
there or we could go together Jamie I'm
not sure if she sent more than three or
four words in her whole entire life but
I just got the vibe that she was really
cool really funny and really shy keep
your you're gonna go far in life Jamie I
know it so whatever job you got next
good luck with that Cassidy we both had
big mouths so everybody knew that me and
Cassidy had a thing I learned a lot from
that one thing I learned is that I'm
never ever ever ever gonna have any type
of relationship with one of my
co-workers but it was a good experience
Cassidy I know you're a hard worker and
whatever whatever you do next with your
life you're gonna succeed at least I
could say that so um oh there's customer
service Stephanie I know I bothered the
heck out of you but and who's gonna lie
stephanie was the prettiest worker at
Albertsons or Hagen's so I'll give her
that um super close to my cousin Chanel
so I'm pretty sure I'm gonna keep seeing
her I think you start applying you need
to start applying at some model agencies
or something cuz you probably get that
job James who I didn't get to work with
that long cuz he came later on we
automatically clicked cuz you know a lot
about sports and that's all you need to
click with me Mike Pratt good friend of
mine we had some conversations here and
there let's see James flick I took this
day I don't know what that means but
from the second I started working there
too the day I got laid off you would
call me slake and be an asshole to me
but in a good way
I enjoyed it if you're an asshole to me
we probably would've been friends
s√©rgio your forefoot too when you drive
up freaking monster pickup truck which
is why I love you honor you're one of
the funniest workers there every time
you told me something I would always
laugh well Chantal from Starbucks super
nice I remember one time I'm not sure if
I should say this in this video but I
don't care
you were off the clock and you still
made me a drink because I was waiting in
line for too long so thank you for that
Paul I still see you from time to time
at the gym so we're gonna keep in touch
we always had good conversations about
football when I should have been doing
my produce sweeps but it's okay uh who
else Darrel always hooking it up with
chicken if I asked for two pieces he
would give me the two biggest pieces I
appreciate that thank you Darrell
Tamara later on in life if I go to a
doctor and I need some hearing aids
thank you for that Robin claims he's
40-something years old no until I got a
birth certificate Robin it is in his 20s
I'll tell you guys that uh Haiti
I've known faded since like middle
school high school so a super cool
working with him yeah
Sadie I wish I think you're still there
actually because they kept Starbucks
people so just keep doing what you're
doing you're gonna go far you go to a
university college right now so you're
gonna be good David
you got a you got to start playing
basketball I see some potential with you
I see you getting bigger hitting the
weights but you gotta start playing some
basketball too I'm also Devin who didn't
actually work for Hagen's but he worked
right outside for company going around
the shopping center we got really close
he knows a ton about basketball and me
and him had long long conversations and
I'm sure everybody got annoyed about but
we didn't care cuz we would talk on and
on about basketball and we're gonna play
one of these days I'm gonna come visit
you when you're working also and Jericho
when I found out you were leaving that
was honestly really sad
I wish whatever you're doing right now
you I wish you the best of luck and we
still keep in touch from time to time
and if you ever want to hang out you
know where I am you have my number so
that was pretty much if I'm forgetting
someone just forgive me because I
honestly know that I'm forgetting a few
people but it was a pleasure working
with all you guys for me I'm lucky
enough to be writing for Flavel which is
an international sports site and I'm
gonna keep doing that I just got
promoted to be the managing editor for
the Phoenix Suns section so I'm
really excited about that and whatever
you guys do in the rest of your lives
the next job you get I'm pretty sure you
guys are all gonna be successful and I
wish you guys the best of luck Brandon I
hope you guys enjoyed working with me
that's it I'll see you guys around catch
me at a gym basketball court I'll see
you guys
