what's going on everybody you're
watching the bharatas NBA show I'm your
host Brandon de Juarez and today's show
rather than news rumors stuff like that
it's just gonna be about my experience
of the NBA Summer League if you guys
didn't know what you probably didn't I
was at the NBA Summer League past three
days let's just say I am so sad to be
back home and it takes a lot for me to
say that the NBA star league is such a
great experience honestly if you ever
have a chance to go whether you're going
across Vegas or if you live maybe nearby
and you haven't a chance to go do it
trust me
it's crazy I went July 12 and July 14th
I didn't go the 13th because my sons
didn't play that day July 12
I bought the regular seating which is
only $28 and there's no seating on the
ticket you go and as long as you're not
in the VIP section which is the front
row you could sit anywhere you want in
the arena so let's say you go early you
could sit in the second row for $28 and
not just one game there's eight games
there's four in the Cox pavilion and
there's four in the Thomas and Mack
centers which are connected you can go
back and forth whichever game you feel
like watching you could leave the arena
and come back $28 for an all-day pass
it's crazy so I went on that day the
sons had the first game they played the
Rockets which they did lose but it's all
good because NBA Summer League that day
I met TJ Warren I'm sure you guys saw
the video I uploaded it I met Paul
Millsap he's just walking around just
watching the game I met I met I didn't
mean I saw D'Angelo Russell and Marcus
smart they were sitting front row VIP
there were a couple feet in front of me
and funny thing is when when me and my
friend were looking for parking we were
about to go to park and these people
were about to cross and I was just like
oh let them go across so we kind of
waved our hand for them to go across and
it turns out that it was law to devolve
DeMarcus Cousins and pages are Jankovic
and about 10 minutes later you see all
these tweets on Twitter DeMarcus Cousins
is here in summer league watching the
Sacramento King
Playa Baba and I'm just like oh I saw
him first now I'm just playing but it
was so cool that was the first day the
second day when I got VIP seats oh my
gosh
I did pay 2/5 or 280 for that so almost
300 bucks I have zero regrets about
paying that much I front row on the core
I have something I'm gonna have some
pictures at the end of this video you
guys will see how close I am it's
literally front row feet touching the
court sitting I sat next to D'Angelo
Russell for about ten minutes when the
sons played that game which they won
against the Utah Jazz my boy Devin
Booker put up 18 points i sat next to
Jeff hornacek general manager Ryan
McDonagh president lon Bobby and some of
their families were there too it was so
cool I met all of them it wasn't the
first time I met them but just to say
what's up I said hey coach general
manager I kind of talked about LaMarcus
Aldridge turning us down and going to
San Antonio Spurs just awesome they
thanked me for my fans support and I
pretty much watch the game I was
actually on TV if you watch the sons
game you could see me in the front row I
pretty much watch the sons game two or
three seats down from the sons front
office like I don't know what could be
cooler honestly I also that day I met
Danny Green George Karl I met Joey
Crawford that was honestly for what he
shows on the court is nothing like what
he is as a person he's really nice um
who else was there there were so many I
saw a Sam hinkie let me see I had a list
of everybody that I met there was so
many Aaron Gordon PJ Tucker Eric Bledsoe
I didn't get to meet them but they were
right next man I took a few pictures of
them Emmanuel mudiay I did meet him
Quinn cook Rick berry jahlil okafor
Lionel Hollins Phil Jackson David Blatt
there were in let the more I talk about
the more sad that I get that I'm not
there let's just say if you ever have a
chance to go do it trust me it's a great
chance to watch the young players play
coming out of college some players were
even there trying to get get their NBA
career back like Keith bogans Jordan
Crawford
it's great you mean so much MBA
personnel like it's on to great the
probably the greatest thing that ever
happened to me my whole entire life was
this moment right here
some general manager Ryan McDonagh who I
have met a few times I've talked to him
I know him I had no idea he knew me he
walked past me patted my back and I
looked behind me and I was just like oh
my gosh did he so he acknowledged me
first and I was just like oh hey how are
you shook his hand it was crazy the fact
that he saw me and acknowledged me first
now I want to get to kind of the more
serious parts on which rookies looked
good Jahlil Okafor
I got I got a chance to watch him two
games I don't know if anyone can stop
him in the post his moves translated
perfectly from college to the NBA at
least from what I saw he did have on his
release point is really low so it's easy
for defendants to block him he has not
his athleticism is really low but his
post moves are amazing honestly it's
hard to push him out the pain it's hard
to put a banya on him he was going
through double and triple teams even in
the NBA Summer League Chris Hobbs
porzingis the mystery man if you look at
his stats
yeah you're gonna say oh he's garbage
he's garbage the way he plays he moves
like he's six foot five the kid is seven
foot three he's seven foot three he's 72
without shoes he moves he moves like a
guard it's amazing I don't know how he's
not even one bit Gumpy he's really
skinny
he looks skinnier and taller in person
his shot is just as good as advertised
he was although he wasn't draining his
shots you could tell that his shot is
there he needs to put on a lot of beef
on D'Angelo Russell you watch on TV his
core vision looks good you watch it in
real life it's amazing his passes or his
passes are on point perfect I thought he
would do more scoring I didn't get to
see much scoring out of him Jordan
Clarkson was doing more of the scoring
but D and O Russell's passing ability
and his vision is crazy just this window
I was not impressed by him I only got to
see him one game he didn't look too
engaged but it's just the Sun relief
you can't take too much out of that who
else TJ Warren of the Phoenix Suns I've
been high on him since last year and
everyone everyone just doesn't even hear
me out the kid is going to be good
he scored double digits on over 50%
shooting and he doesn't even have a
three ball yet all his shots are from
around the rim it's crazy he's gonna be
really good I liked a lot of those
Emmanuel mudiay looks really good
honestly a shot isn't as bad as what
people say it is he looked good he
looked in charge of the game on Willie
cauley-stein his defense and athleticism
in real life is off the charts he's
running this guy's seven feet he's
running the court like like a point
guard he's running back and forth he's
on one end
blocking a shot out the building and on
the next end catching and alyou his post
game is really bad I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna sugarcoat that he has no post game
but his defense I don't know he that
looks like he's gonna translate right
away he could step in and start right
away for the Kings um I'm trying to who
else I got to see play up close kind of
hyped up I didn't get to see
karl-anthony towns which sucks number
one overall pick uh yeah that was mario
hezonia the fifth overall pick didn't
play in the Vegas summer league
there were man it's crazy seeing these
kids play in real life you see what the
Scout sees and it's crazy
um honestly I probably didn't even touch
up on half the amount of fun that I had
all I'm gonna say is that thank you for
watching and if you ever have a chance I
know I've said this a lot but just take
my word for it 28 bucks do it even if
you don't get VIP when I didn't get VIP
I'm in at least three or four players
it's crazy I got to see my sons win one
game front front row
they played tomorrow at 1:00 p.m. no I
will not be attending that my parents
would kill me if I go out to Vegas again
but anyways thank you for watching I
hope you enjoyed today's video it's your
your are the pictures from the
baby this is something
