what's up everybody you're watching the
bharatas NBA show your host friend in
the wadis today we've got a ton of
rumors tons of news starting off with
everything that happened with DeAndre
Jordan um me personally as a fan of the
Sun does not I mean this doesn't affect
me but this is still crazy so I'm sure
that everybody has heard last week
DeAndre Jordan signed a 4-year max
contract with the Dallas Mavericks
or should I say agreed to sign which is
what everybody does free agency starts
July 1st in the NBA
you can't officially sign till a week
after but everyone agrees to turns which
is what DeAndre Jordan did with Dallas
the Clippers realizing how screwed they
were without DeAndre Jordan and with no
money to go after another free agent
decided to kinda homewreck Dallas and
DeAndre they flew out JJ Redick Blake
Griffin Chris Paul Doc Rivers flew out
to DeAndre Jordan's house in Houston and
met with him and let me just add that
these are all reports from sources I'm
not saying any of this is true but these
are what reports came out from legit or
says met with him convinced him to
recycled the Clippers and blow off
Dallas which is something that almost
never happens in the NBA or in any sport
honestly
Mark Cuban reportedly was going around
downtown Houston I mean looking for
DeAndre Jordan talis asking his family
members for his house and he didn't get
it he was calling DeAndre shooting him
tags
DeAndre did not open or respond he
didn't answer the calls Chandler Parsons
tried texting DeAndre he didn't answer
any of them Clippers stayed in his house
till midnight signed the dotted line
goodbye DeAndre to Dallas
um I have no idea how I don't even know
that was crazy I don't know what kind of
look this gives the Clippers around the
league I'm not sure what kind of
reception DeAndre is gonna get when he
goes back to Dallas but that was
honestly something that we might never
see again onto the Spurs oh man
Spurs are gonna be a tough out next year
I just want to talk about what they did
to get their team together you have
Danny Green who caught who he got 11
million dollars per year new contract
some people say wow that's good money
for him I am 99% if not 100% positive
but he could have got more money if he
signed elsewhere 11 million dollars not
bad at all for a player of his caliber
he stayed with the Spurs but now let's
get on to the real pay cuts Tim Duncan
just resigned five million dollars this
year Manu Ginobili two and a half
million dollars David West one point
four million dollars are you kidding me
they got Tim Duncan Manu Ginobili and
David West at a combined nine million
dollars that that is a championship
level organization and I'm not a Spurs
fan but I'm giving them respect that's
crazy
Tim Duncan Ginobili David West could've
got more money anywhere else
David West mainly turned down twelve and
a half million his player option from
Indiana to sign for one and a half
million dollars that's I don't know
that's crazy
other surprising news not really LeBron
James resigned with the Cleveland
Cavaliers two years with a player option
for the second year they all I'm gonna
say it's crazy how much control LeBron
has over not only the Cleveland
Cavaliers but the entire league
David Lee traded to Boston for Gerald
Wallace jelled wells will be waived so
this was pretty much a salary dump for
the Golden State Warriors Celtics took
advantage of it they probably have like
two million forwards on that roster now
but it doesn't matter because they got a
player of David Lee's caliber who can
still play for pretty much nothing last
but not least Gerald Green he signed a
one-year deal with the Miami Heat today
for the vet veterans minimum first of
all I think despite how bad he played
last season that's under paying for a
player of his caliber one and a half
million dollars for jail green another
thing as a Suns fan um I knew he was
leaving we just didn't have room on the
roster
for him we have too many guards and he
kind of like relationship was kind of
tarnished near the end of last season
but it's a jail green was one of my
favorite players on the Suns last year
helped with 48 wins uh it's gonna be
weird seeing him in a different Jersey
actually not really because this is a
10th different NBA team that he's
playing for nonetheless I love seeing
him in a Sun Jersey I
I even had this stitched gerald green um
I'm definitely gonna go make it out to a
Phoenix Suns game versus Miami Heat next
year in Phoenix
I'll Drive out from San Diego I gotta go
see my boys jail green and goran dragic
yep I was sad to see jail green go
despite knowing that it was gonna happen
well I want oh also I wrote him a
farewell letter if you guys care to read
it it's down in the description below
thank you for watching and I hope
