I swear it's okay crazy that is not what
it means X means you're gonna hit
something like there's a wall give us an
interview nescience oh hey give us an
interview and how you're doing it it's
what are you doing what interview we go
to just start your step
Dennis oh my bed my bed my friend I
didn't know I was covering the TV's on
there what are you building
oh you're right he's on your right
there's two of them there is two of them
another size that play another one you
know they're good there is - what's not
enough yes you hurt your hand I know
because you're dumb as dumb the door
honestly I want the sauce to either
hired a physio or Memphis really how do
you get from the owner the header Papa
Roach what's our go-to tilted talents
yeah I think my neck broke from playing
gospel today's your sleeve but I need to
stop saying this who you are what we
switch the girl okay where's tool to
town oh yeah yeah became her that guy's
gonna shoot you he's on that building be
careful not to go down give me a mic oh
good tacticals chalk line oh I'm in
a shoe if I see someone over I'll tell
you right now that is I'm killing
someone right now sorry mama
once I see somebody you know that I
could see somebody forgetting the sound
I thought I should eat chicken thing
it's going down fast 3086
marty is he shooting another tactical
shotgun you might go get married to a
tactical shotgun no what are you doing
they're gonna know yeah they're good
he's on top of that building
did you order food Ennis no you owe your
killer if you didn't bring the doorbell
I got scared and I died I was hey why
was a guy wearing a tree yeah oh it was
a ghillie everybody I don't get my first
Phyllis game yeah and you know the
Grizzlies lost by 61 today to Charlotte
I mean you went so long plays well no
you played the game once in your life
but he still gets a still yeah
I ain't going to buddy oh we got the
girl with the big ass again don't know
whose banner that's not enough god it's
the freakin baby's alcohol great there
they saw you wait nope SB maybe my
favorite name I'm not Paul I hear them
after they sit between the bench I told
you Randy Oh
dance dance I don't know how to dance
she said do you love me yet tell her
only Polly my mom my m4 and I'm sorry
he's gonna get down before you two
people where is he gonna go
what happened right here right here we
hit a turn-on
why would you do that I didn't do it
turn off by itself
yes well you I get by the dog house the
TV turn help myself
I'm not stupid get excited
give me a massage hey your piece hey no
they don't
these are nice new songs okay just give
me a massage
one gonna get killed all their baby the
people know you didn't get killed you
think he killed I swear no no that was
Robel I know that was you the TV's not
turning out myself
no it wasn't romance and the ending
closed it wasn't me though don't remote
in your lab daddy knows Casper Denny's
I'm not dumb we watch TV on this a
million times it's never turned off by
itself you tweaking no that time out of
one I was already number 60 before you
turn the TV on romema hands tired record
Brandon playing oh no but how does he
have like a gun in the load screen Hey
what's more important is are you guys
gonna show up to our damn playoff game
on choose it I'll be there I'll take the
day off I just want to see you all my
fans out there wants y'all for wat squad
out there we go to that mountain on the
left let's just show your face from here
Lucas stop I'm gonna see my nose so show
us your technique for landing okay you
know count a tree what is right there
I don't know Louise he's up watch I'm
gonna come with a knife right
I probably came to 67 place well not
bullying the camera you have the wrong a
stupid
it was remember I think it was Casper
Dennis I don't think I've ever played
for a night without clicking all the
buttons I just start panicking hold on
so what was the point of you coming here
just so you can take my snags you came
here to make me lose him for tonight and
now to take my snacks for all he found
the French onion dip you found the
French onion dip
he's so bogus oh you guys want to bother
me playing for night but if I bother
your meal man I swear it stop i onion I
need it go if you want the French on
youtube so bad just get a spoon and eat
it it's gonna get physical
show me how physical hey take it take it
we have to get this miracle on camera
look what damage is eating frickin
veggies I never thought I'd see the day
maybe so yeah I know J the vegetarian
hey J am I your fear or not wait I want
to try celery but sleep I want to try
celery that's nice you don't rush your
teeth this one sorry oh you can't that's
nasty Dennis that's nasty
Dennis No hey everyone listen everyone
listen ooh my teeth are sensitive it's
cold hey
so bill Cameron here there's that here
and said probability they charge you
extra for the barber haircuts because
you had a so imagine hey you're messed
up love my boy Danny that's messed up a
dress God since remove head it's go big
so I look compared to that one cuz we're
going to Yogurtland how much you wanna
bet rule Mel's not gonna buy a cup he's
just gonna get a bunch of samples watch
I know him well he's not gonna buy
anything he's gonna ask for a bunch of
sample cups
hi give me you would think it what he
just want okay hello I just want to do
it by itself
let's do consume medium ranch
oh yeah just wipe it on the side of the
cup
okay Romel so what place did Dennis get
last game 92 92 yes you did oh you guys
think it's funny huh well no you think
it's funny earlier are you going to tilt
the towers Mario Lopez oh oh my fingers
don't stretch that okay
Mario Lopez got a chest look at my legs
get the potion
okay now drink it r2 r2 r2 aren't you
okay now let your gun okay now go kill
them all close hey Dennis you're a good
coach the Sun should hire you broke no
you're in a circle yeah no no no no new
yeah
which way huh
no just tell me I want to know 38 38 not
bad pretty didn't see one person Dennis
is salty yeah told me go up there
remember oh yeah that's when you died
you got it girl you know what else is
gonna get you killed well melt this damn
fast food is not normal
right dad you think it's funny huh you
know Wayne do you think it's all gonna
win to see I have a heart unlike you
moving I don't know how I don't know how
to sleep I don't know how Dennis will
Mouse stop eating oh my god for the love
of God he doesn't care oh hey Dennis
give me other control I'll play him
one-on-one in basketball on the court
obviously what what do you think you're
going well you're not leaving room Mel
no roll mount no sleep over about let's
have a sleepover sleepover sleepover
we'll play for tonight we'll turn the TV
off on each other and watch movies
yeah well hi ro Mel I'm gonna be a way
to edit my video before you get up for
work trust me
where's this playing basketball who
you're a lawyer know anything you're not
here oh you're a liar liar liar
oh yeah oh yeah if we knocking about go
to sleep
just give him one just give him one
snarl no you're being a party pooper hey
Dennis don't let him leave
don't let him leave he's not leaving
don't let him leave no no let him uh
okay no he tried to grab me in the nose
come on
sleepover sleepover yo peace out bro six
and a half hours later now you want to
come back because this dude forgot his
wait what is it where do you leave it
Dennis oh he forgot his phone you water
you got a sleepover is that understood
no I have one handling the camera
caramel it's like a friggin monkey in
the middle
don't do it it's like a baboon don't I
forgot to take me through the wall never
ever find the right word there's no way
this is real
there's no telling you're the right girl
so I can only say that it feels right it
feels right
