on the count of three I want to know
who's ready for today's playoff game one
two three
our team actually won our first matchup
so that put us into the playoffs and we
are about to play kick genius if we beat
kick genius we make it to the
championship kick genius is actually
favored to win this whole entire
tournament their favorite to beat us
extremely talented basketball players
and a lot a lot of people voted that
kinkiness will be our team except for
people except for for know except for
six people one two three three four five
and six all are you ready you in your
prime right now Shaq mm Kobe okay okay
what about you Paige so y'all can pitch
I'll take Devin Booker not 99202 cuz he
was a little baby I'll take Devin Booker
2023 to 2025 that's what I feel like
right now hey Dennis who you feelin like
Phil Jackson everyone you came all the
way from San Diego to New York
for one thing for San Diego boys rally
to this state for one reason and that's
to win this tournament compliment I'll
to give them the face
oh that was hard the smoke coming up
the winner of this game goes to the
championship
aka about to take it don't take it
okay you're gonna hopefully we'll see
that's all we're here for you got B dot
right there let's see B doubt go to work
we see all these impersonations so the
situation is serious if blue team scores
they win
Oh
I must've
Oh
Oh
Oh
get me out
okay didn't work for him
here we go provided with the shot before
fitting
it's all
and bunny things let's see here now
first day for whatever the south evening
like the San Diego
Oh Rommels not going to the wife to get
them out
you want to make it interesting or what
you just want to make a trip that's
right mister Leia
I guess way if you win knock out doesn't
your team go to the championship we
didn't want to win the tourney one you
win knockout just joking
all right if you guys love Rossi's gets
creamed
Hey look at his background look at this
bitch oh god but watching the
championship game now you know
so at least we weren't the only team
that got killed by 15
15 to 3 right now he's good
played overseas you're looking rough
Romel you're looking rough
Oh
so he adjusted pressure to get actually
poop
the basketball shorts my castilla-la
fingers in me
it's tough to my jumpers a man
Oh
every time you play your own here this
paper that's a really good question my
manager is not only a manager he's also
a celebrity hairstylist first time I
menu the first time we've been friends
no internet friend subscribe to if you
wanted okay me and my brother to divide
together we never great so it should be
fun cars Tigers Ross it's got everything
ready now I'm not going to rush it he's
any minute city I'm sleepy I'll go say
hi name but not the zoo I have to go yo
guys did you wonder why I'm doing my
outro in a bathroom it's because Dennis
is to sleep and he snores louder than
Bosley so there's nowhere to do my alt
roundish but I just want to say a little
bit more about our magical King genius
they beat us and no pun intended but
Kate genius kicked her butt and when it
comes down to it it wasn't really
kinkiness that Venus was there boy and
Ryan's and dude that won MVP he plays
basketball overseas he's a professional
basketball player I didn't know you were
allowed to bring professional basketball
players to a youtubers basketball
tournament if I knew you could bring pro
ball players to a youtubers tournament I
wanna hit up Devin Booker yo do you
tryin to come play so he was good he was
exceptionally good at basketball and
obviously if you have a professional
basketball player on your team going
against youtubers and you're most likely
gonna win the tournament but hats off to
them they played well they're strong
they're big they're athletic and they
can balls so we lost but I'm proud of my
boy there's no other boys I would rather
go down with and the boys are with me
right here in New York all we showed out
Romel came up clutch and we just didn't
have enough so you already got key
genius themselves you gotta know they
can hoop and then you throw in a
professional basketball player and
that's why you saw him kill through the
championship the championship wasn't
even closed but they beat us and you
guys know me I get respect where respect
is due that dude number 22 was really
really good at ball so I can easily see
how he plays overseas to kick genius
hats off to them they beat us anyways
thank you guys so much for watching this
video you know if you're upset or
disappointed
that my team loss because I know a lot
of people i watch my videos wanted us to
win this tournament I apologize about
this there's really not too much you
could do when you mentor and youtubers
basketball tournament and there's a
professional basketball player that
shows that a bit tight so either way
thank you guys so much for watching the
video I love you guys all thank you so
much for all the support you showed me
in New York you see all those fans it
was crazy and it makes me extremely
happy so thank you guys until next video
I love you guys all and I'll see you
then peace
