what's up guys you're watching Abra
wadis MBA show I'm your host Brandon de
wadis and I'm faze drug my brother Fei
drug and today I promised you guys that
I was going to do a Q&A um I didn't
expect that many questions to come in
the comments I got at least 50 questions
I'm gonna try my best to answer half of
them I'm gonna try to get through at
least 2025 also um did you hear David
West going to the Spurs yeah that's
crazy
he turned down over 12 million dollars
he signed for a million bucks with the
San Antonio Spurs anyways okay I might
start off with the first question from
zou 50 do you think the Sacramento Kings
make the playoffs no I do not I think
they're going to improve they'll
probably go to like 10th or 11th in the
West but I don't think they have what it
takes the West is just too stacked
second question agree how do you think
the Lakers ranked in the west by Carson
moyers um the Lakers got better than
last year with Roy Hibbert and Lou
Williams still not a playoff team the
West like just like the Kings they got
better but they still will make the
playoffs it's too sad this is from its
Jackson and cursed aspects kind of the
same question why are you a Suns fan
what made you a Suns fan um my whole
family Laker fans but I just fell in
love with Steve Nash and Amar'e
Stoudemire like 2008-2009 and ever since
then it's just been my life did the
Spurs overpay for Danny Green from Erik
Lugo know if you look at the market day
I'm pretty sure Danny Green actually
took a pay cut to stay with the Spurs 11
million is not bad at all for Danny
Green Jonathan Thompson where did Eric
Bledsoe get moved Eric Bledsoe is not
going to be traded that's the number one
thing that people confuse the suns did
not bring in Brandon Knight to replace
Eric Bledsoe they brought him to play
alongside Eric Bledsoe unless they're
getting a strong return I don't see him
getting traded Ty Lawson yes he'll be
traded that was obvious once they
drafted Emmanuel mudiay I'm not sure
where he gets traded especially since
the Kings picked up rajon rondo
but I still think he gets traded from
Cooley gender sing are the Bulls still a
contender despite having a rookie head
coach
I actually think they are especially
because the supposed rift between Tom
Thibodeau in the front office I think
this they still got the same talent I
think their contender in the East it
doesn't matter I actually think this
head coach might give the rookie some
minute so Doug McDermott Bobby Portis
Meritage gets more minutes I think it's
good thoughts on Tyus Jones from Keon
Warner he said he thinks he's gonna be
great I don't know what you mean by
great I think he'll be a great backup
I'm not sure if he can start in the
league he's kind of like Shabazz Napier
he does have that winning mentality
which is why I think he stayed in
Cleveland it would have been better
he did get traded to Minnesota but I
like ties Jones as a backup he'll be a
really good backup favorite player in
the NBA Eric Bledsoe favorite team
besides the Suns I have no answer for
that
that was from rekt not rekt and who my
favorite player was was from soul
proctor from CNA films and bro do you
even lift NBA Finals next season I want
to take a picture you could take your
predict tomorrow um alright no you go
first I'll go first
San Antonio Spurs are coming out of the
West I don't care what anybody says
birds and cats Spurs and calves
especially with the Cavs trying to add
Joe Johnson and and now Jamal Crawford
ok that's further than caps for sure ok
from Dave and re fun teams to watch you
know I'm I go with my Phoenix Suns
obviously work also yeah the gone state
warriors Oklahoma City Thunder if
they're healthy um Cleveland Cavaliers
obviously there's some fun teams to
watch Spurs are gonna be fun to watch
where they're gonna be fun to watch not
for me Gary from mr. SportsNation
dream lineup for present players I'm
gonna just go fast
Russell Westbrook James Harden LeBron
James Anthony Davis and DeMarcus Cousins
can you imagine being on the court with
them trying to play the probably the
hardest one was Steph Curry or Russell
Westbrook
that was pretty hard but yeah that's my
dream line up the Rockettes my thoughts
on the rock kids or and if they have a
finals running then this is from the
only lowest Gallegos and J Villa um the
Rockets are a good team
top five in the West they didn't do
anything significant that makes me think
their championship team at least not
this offseason but their GM Morrie's
always aggressive so you don't know what
they're gonna do I think they're a good
team when close to 60 games I'm not sure
if they're they have a Finals running
them honestly from era dignify or the
Hawks top three in the East and what
Gomorrah Carroll huge loss
if DeMarre Carroll left any other team
I'm not sure he would be that big of a
loss but losing the Atlanta Hawks he was
pretty much the heart and soul for their
team I think they take a big blow but
they kept Millsap they added Tiago
Splitter so uh I'll put them third or
fourth in the East so top three is
possible do you advise my friend was
updating for oh I didn't know this okay
this one's from um hi which team Lance
Kevin Durant next year I'm gonna I'm
gonna say this cautiously he stays with
the Oklahoma City Thunder but it makes a
lot of sense for him to go to Washington
it makes it almost makes way too much
sense I don't think is gonna happen
right now I say Oklahoma City Thunder
why because that's his hometown and then
they have a need a small forward they
got a lot of money to spend we'll see
right now I'm saying OKC but don't be
surprised if the Thunder come out of
nowhere
Giovani Alfaro Lakers playoff team no I
answered that earlier they upgraded
their talent but I just don't see any
way that they make the playoffs in the
West oh I like this question from David
Vargas in a gold Bugatti or a Suns
championship I'm gonna let my brother
answer that one for me a sons
championship well my question is that
guys are gonna think I'm crazy because
you would literally turn that down I
wasn't winning it I would turn down I
would turn down to gold Bugattis the
suns the suns need a championship I'm
gonna leave it at that
you guys think he's kidding - I'm not
joking from CMC
well sixers a playoff team with jahlil
okafor no and it's not because they can
it's because they don't want to if they
wanted to make the playoffs I'm pretty
sure in the in the Eastern Conference
they could put together a team with
enough talent to make it I just I think
they're still trying to take at that get
that superstar whether they believe
juliank for not I don't think they're
going to make the playoffs next year but
that's my choice the Raptors who do they
sign to replace Amir Johnson at the for
as crazy as it sounds I read that they
want to mark here a lot before I'm no
idea how that's gonna work out but in my
opinion they should go after uh probably
Amar'e Stoudemire to come off the bench
as a starter you guys would probably
have to go through a trade there isn't
too many free agents left out there
right now from cheque heartless biggest
rookie impact Jalil Okafor concerning
the 76ers play him is you geez he could
be the most talented player on that
roster already Rookie of the Year from
Antoine that's pretty much like last
question I'm gonna go Julia Okafor but
don't be surprised if DeAngelo Russell
wins it especially if he gets a ton of
minutes with the Lakers last question
I'm gonna answer from Kobe Kohl three
favorite sons like I can answer this for
you too
um I just turned 20 years old so I'm not
sure about Legends try to answer my
worst on my when I saw Tamar's one a
Steve Nash I don't know the third come
on let's no oh no my third favorite is
Goran Dragic oh yeah uh you could argue
obviously Shawn Marion Charles Barkley
KJ all these players but I'm going with
what I know I'm I've been following the
sun's for like six years so I'm I'm
gonna go a mari Sodom are Steve Nash and
going jogging Brian I had a question for
you're gonna ask me my last question um
if you had to predict the Suns record
next season and what place they fall in
the West what do you predict I predict
82 I know with the nagas joking I'll say
signing Tyson Chandler we won 30 well
rug is gone
anyways Tyson Chandler we drafted Devin
Booker Reese on Brandon Knight we only
had him for 11 games last year we're
gonna have him for a full season
TJ Warren and Alex Len improving I'm
gonna put the Phoenix on 45 wins 37
losses they will capture that eighth and
final playoff spot in the West
hello playoff basketball it's been five
years that's my prediction and the
answer to my final question I'm sorry if
I didn't get to all your guys questions
I'll definitely be doing another Q&A
soon until then thank you for
