what's going on you guys the Wallis MBA
show I'm your host Brandon Awad is today
a lot more free to see who's starting
off with DeAndre Jordan signing with the
Dallas Mavericks left the Los Angeles
Clippers I think this is a bad move for
everyone involved for DeAndre there were
reports that he had kind of a bad
relationship with Chris Paul reports
that he wanted to be the main guy on a
team which he is gonna be in Dallas it's
gonna be his team I don't like that at
all he's who's gonna be throwing you
those logs do you think Chris Paul is
gonna be waiting for you in Dallas you
think Rondo is gonna reassign no I don't
like the move I think DeAndre Jordan's
gonna struggle on offense defense he's
terrific I love him on defense
offensively without Chris Paul I expect
to see a decline all around the board
Clippers they lost big time not only did
they lose the Andre Jordan they're
starting Center arguably an all-star
people are saying oh well they could
just use the money they're gonna give to
DeAndre to go sign a better player well
no they can't they were gonna go over
the cap to re-sign DeAndre because they
had his bird rights he played for the
Clippers already they lost those they're
capped out they only have the veterans
minimum to give I'm not sure who they're
gonna target maybe Amar'e Stoudemire but
that gives you an idea of what kind of
players you're looking at to use with
that veterans minimum they're screwed I
also don't like this deal for Dallas
okay DeAndre Jordan yeah he averaged
like 200 rebounds and shot like 110
percent from the field but a max
contract I don't know they're gonna be
on the books over 20 million dollars a
year for the next four years I don't
like that move for Dallas but hey that's
what happened next I want to say how
surprised I am the Lakers have signed
that many players 0
they've been reportedly have gone after
DeAndre Jordan Marc Gasol Kevin Love
LaMarcus Aldridge
Jimmy Butler Greg Monroe they've been
even Robin Lopez turned them down to
sign with the Knicks Greg Monroe turned
them down to sign with Milwaukee they
struck out on all those players I have
no idea what they're gonna do but this
just shows that
just being a big market doesn't mean
much you've got to prove that you're a
winning team the Lakers that struggled
to bring anybody in I guess their last
chances to get Rondo I'm not sure how he
fits there but that's what they're
trying to do right now
also Sacramento I guess their front
office is as bad as everyone says they
reportedly offered Wesley Matthews more
money than Dallas did and he's still
signed with Dallas they also offered
Monta Ellis
more money than Indiana did and Monta
Ellis left Indiana they did get marco
belinelli today I like that signing but
offering more money and still not being
able to sign those free agents that's
kind of tough
speaking of Monta Ellis that was a
sneaky good deal for Indiana they got
him at 11 million dollars per year for
the next four years when you have guys
signing near 20 million dollars for the
same production that Monta gives you I
think that was good for Indiana I like
that move for them next the Dwyane Wade
deal I'm not sure if you guys heard he
signed a one-year 20 million dollar
extension with the Miami Heat
I think that deal is great for the heat
because they had some caspase to spend
they weren't gonna sign any other
big-name players so he might go give it
for a Dwyane Wade I saw he's gonna be on
the books long it's just one year so
they don't suffer that doesn't hurt them
at all
Dwyane Wade who has an injury history
he's I think 30 32 or 33 and he took a
chance
taking a one-year deal I think honestly
if he took 15 or 16 million a year over
three or four years that would benefit
him way more than taking a one-year
twenty million dollar deal but I guess
you can't call him a loser cuz he has 20
million dollars none of us have that so
on to the last part for today LaMarcus
Aldridge who isn't talking about
LaMarcus Aldridge I'll give you the
latest right now he gave the Laker in
the second meeting
they still are not on his list
apparently that second meeting did not
move him Kobe Bryant was not present at
that second meeting off his list Miami
Pat Riley met with him yesterday but let
they have no space for him they have no
money to sign him it's like they're
gonna trade Bosh so I don't know what
rival executives think that pie Raleigh
was
pitching him for next year he was trying
to get him to sign a one-year deal with
whichever team he chooses and come to
Miami next year hey Pat Riley could do
what he wants I don't blame him
Houston that's pretty much off his list
which leaves Dallas Phoenix in San
Antonio Dallas signed Wes Matthews and
DeAndre Jordan Jordan got the max Wes
Matthews Gulf over 14 million dollars a
year they have no money to bring in
LaMarcus unless he takes a huge pay cut
which he's not going to do which leaves
us with Phoenix and San Antonio
obviously San Antonio remains a
front-runner
everything makes sense for him to go
there especially him being from Texas
his son living in San Antonio if I had
to guess he goes to San Antonio but I'm
hoping I'm hoping he opens his eyes
gives the Suns a chance
honestly when four agency started I
would bet the Suns were fourth or fifth
on his list for them to have moved up
all the way to second potentially tied
for first with San Antonio
I give them huge props I just hope they
could close this off apparently they're
selling him on being the leader and
franchise player for the Suns rather
than sharing those duties with Tim
Duncan Kawhi Leonard in San Antonio the
Suns would be his team and they're
selling him on young future talent that
would help when not just this year but
for years to come San Antonio yeah
they'll be championship contention this
year maybe next year but you don't know
what's after that that's all we got for
today thank you for watching all other
free agent signings we'll be down below
in the link in my description enjoy your
