what's up guys you watching the bharatas
NBA show I'm your host Brandon Awad is
one day away we're one day away from the
NBA Draft tomorrow 4:00 p.m. on ESPN you
don't want to miss it
we're gonna start off today in Dallas
when Monta Ellis opted out of this final
year of his contract surprising part
he's not expected to return to Dallas
they're not expected to resign in three
teams I'm hearing frontrunners early
frontrunner for him Indiana Pacers Miami
Heat or the Atlanta Hawks so I guess it
looks like he's going out east Dallas I
read are looking at Danny Green as a
consolation prize I'm not sure what it
takes to pry him away from San Antonio
but Dallas has money to spend so if they
overpay a little bit I could see San
Antonio letting him walk I want to be a
bad replacement for Monta Ellis jr.
Smith he has opted I was finally of his
contract with the Cleveland Cavaliers on
this entire situation I have two words
or 1 name whatever you want to call it
LeBron James LeBron want JR back he's
gonna go back LeBron wants jr. out he's
not gonna return it's as simple as that
David West powerful for the Indiana
Pacers has also opted out of the final
year of his contract which comes out a
bit of a surprise he was set to make
over 12 million dollars a year last year
or this upcoming year he's not gonna get
that type of money elsewhere perhaps he
was looking for a longer contract who
knows if he's saved in the neon or
assigns elsewhere we don't have any word
on that yet the biggest name to opt out
earlier today Kevin Love Kevin Love
opted out the final year of his contract
with the Cleveland Cavaliers teams are
gonna go after him hard this summer
starting with the LA Lakers and Boston
Celtics the Lakers have a ton of money
Kevin Love went to UCLA for college I
wouldn't be surprised if he signed there
if he decided to leave Cleveland they
could sell him on being Kobe's
replacement max money pretty much one of
the most storage franchises in the
history of the NBA
another team the Boston Celtics they've
got a ton of money they've recently made
the playoffs with a young core they
could sell Kevin Love on
other things I wouldn't be surprised if
you signed there also wouldn't be
surprised if you resigned in Cleveland
but that would be a bit tricky with him
and Tristan Thompson both commanding big
money playing the same position one
darkhorse scene we have to watch out for
Phoenix Suns I read today on Yahoo
Sports that the Suns were gonna go they
were gonna aggressively go after Kevin
Love they were gonna try to sell him on
the trio Bledsoe Knight and love try to
sell him on him being the full the focus
of their offense fast-paced offense and
the weather in Phoenix we gotta watch
out for the Suns but I think ultimately
he does end up in LA that's my bold
prediction who knows we'll find out next
week one interesting thing if he does
land in Boston I read that Paul Pierce
is open to a return to the Celtics if
Kevin if stale and Kevin Love so with
Kevin Love signing in Boston it looks
like Paul Pierce would end up taking his
talents to Massachusetts trade finalized
Portland and Charlotte Portland Trail
Blazers send nicolas Batum to Charlotte
for Noah Vonleh and jailed Henderson I
love this trade for both teams Charlie
gets Nick Batum he fills a spot they
needed most
they needed a scoring from the guard
position Nick Batum could play shooting
on he could play small forward
he's long he loves to play d he could
create his own shot last year there
would be no way that Nick Batum would be
had for Noah Vonleh
and jailed Henderson he had one off year
and they they bought low on him I expect
a bounce-back year for him let me tell
you why I love this trade for Portland
Noah Vonleh
9th overall pick last year I'm kind of
shocked that Charlotte gave up on him
this early he barely played any minutes
last year was injured was not in
Charlotte's rotation he drew comparisons
to Chris Bosh coming out of college he
has huge hands great rebounder and he
could shoot the ball jelled Henderson
obviously can come in either sorrow come
off the bench and put a point right away
for this blazer
and I'm not saying LaMarcus all dudes
leaving or anything but in case he does
no valets like 19 or 20 years old so
they would already have someone to
potentially replace LaMarcus Aldridge
maybe not now but a future replacement
also some news on the DeMarcus Cousins
front although nothing new has came out
today I'm just gonna kind of overview
what's been said these past few days
George Karl wants to Marcus cousins out
of Sacramento reportedly ownership will
not sign off on a trade Vivek Ranadive
the owner of the Sacramento Kings and
Vlade Divac general manager want to keep
cousins they want to build around
cousins they see the special talent he
is George Carla does not want to keep
cousins we're gonna tell that to that if
I had to guess DeMarcus Cousins out of
Sacramento I think especially with his
tweet a snake when the grass is cut the
snake I think he's out of there if I was
the Kings I would choose to fire George
Karl and keep cousins but I just don't
see it playing out that way and you
don't want a shaky relationship between
player coach let alone superstar coach
going into a new season well there you
have it the latest NBA rumors trades
Draft news leave a comment what you
thought enjoy the draft tomorrow and
thank you for
