hey everybody you're watching the
bharatas NBA show and I'm your host
Graeme and what is first of all I just
want to say that I love this shirt
Phoenix Suns Phoenix Suns just want to
get that out of the way now we could get
on to the show
NBA rumors I've been coming out like
crazy today and yesterday which makes
sense draft and free agency right around
the corner I can't even refresh my feet
without getting something new every
second while we're gonna start off in
Minnesota where it appears they've
promised karl-anthony towns that they're
gonna take him number one overall this
Thursday's draft he worked out for them
for the first time blew them away any
idea that jahlil okafor DeAngelo Russell
would go number one overall shut down
they told karl-anthony towns they're
gonna take him that's not surprising he
was expected to go number one and that's
one thing we know about what's gonna be
an unpredictable night come draft night
bigger news coming out of Miami it
appears that he are locked in on
resigning Goran Draghi's they're gonna
offer him a five-year contract there's
just one thing wrong with that contract
they're gonna offer him is in the 80
million dollar range Goran draaga to
newsagent we're expecting a full max 100
million dollar contracts from the heat
ever since he was traded for Phoenix
thousands of thinking all along 80
million dollars over five years that
comes out to 16 million dollars a year
team a desperate team like the Lakers or
Knicks could come in and offered rugged
up to 21 million dollars a year I'm not
saying they're gonna do it but they
could
someone's gonna offer draaga to max the
Miami Heat should do the right thing
offer him five years 100 million dollars
I'm not saying he's worth it but he's
gonna get it from somebody so much will
be the he they gave up to first-round
picks from him it they don't want to see
him walk away for nothing walk up going
draw gage there's your point guard of
the future news coming out of LA when
isn't there news coming out of LA this
time regarding Dwyane Wade as you guys
probably know Dwyane Wade and the mine
here are at a little bit of an impasse
regarding his contract he wants a
long-term contract around 20 million
dollars a year that he actually wanted
to opt into his final year
contract which pays him I think 11 or 12
million dollars at the end of the day I
think he's gonna go back to Miami this
is just a little bump in the road I
don't think there's any way wait leaves
Miami but if he does rumors out that he
and the Lakers have mutual interest in
playing for each other it wouldn't
surprise me if he did go to LA if he
decided to leave Miami I don't know how
that's gonna turn out but they should
just figure it out the league would be
the league would be weird seeing Dwyane
Wade winning another Jersey wouldn't
surprise me if he goes to LA but my
prediction is that he stays in Miami for
the rest of his career more rumors
coming out of LA it appears that they're
set on acquiring DeMarcus Cousins
superstar center out of Sacramento there
right now in talks they're trying to
build a package around their number two
overall pick my guess is that it would
take that number two overall pick
last year's lottery pick Julius Randle
and all-nba first team point guard
Jordan Clarkson I don't know if the
Lakers are willing to move all those
pieces for one player but in my opinion
that's what it's gonna take to get
DeMarcus Cousins the Kings want to keep
in general manager of law DD ball came
out the other day and said that a
DeMarcus Cousins trade is quote/unquote
not happening if the Lakers do want him
they're gonna have to sell the farm
there's actually another rumor saying
the Orlando Magic would be the third
team involved negative you savage goes
to Sacramento Cousins to LA and a bunch
of picks go back to Orlando I'm not sure
how much credibility that rumor has but
it's out there last but not least
rumors out today that my Phoenix Suns
have offered Eric Bledsoe and their very
own lottery pick to the New York Knicks
for the fourth overall pick in this
Thursday's draft if I had a trashcan
next to me I would throw up that deal is
so bad for the Phoenix Suns Eric Bledsoe
is 25 years old he's only been a starter
in this league for a little over a year
not even a year and a half he's still
improving as a player if you give up
Bledsoe you're signaling that you're
going full lane on a rebuild so why
would you also
give up your lottery pick last time I
checked rebuilding teams try to
stockpile pig's blood so would be enough
for that number for pig secondly this
draft is not that deep if you're giving
a blood soul to move up from 13 to 4 do
it some other year not this year the
difference between 4 and 13 this year it
is big it is not that big though the
player you get out for could end up
being just as impactful as a player you
get out 13 third Erich blood toes the
son easily most valuable trade I said if
they decide to trade him I'd rather see
them package him with the Morris twins
Alex land who knows just a package
around Bledsoe for a proven star I would
not trade Bledsoe for a lottery pick
let top 5 top 10 I don't care I wouldn't
trade blood for a pig I would trade him
for a proven start even then it would be
a maybe it's my birthday tomorrow I
turned 20 years old
please phoenix suns don't make this
trade it's not worth it who would you
get our number for kris porzingis maybe
the angel russell but there's no
guarantee who knows maybe they end up
not even being as good as Bledsoe and
you're gonna give up Bledsoe and pick
number 13 I don't like this trade who
knows it's a rumor it might be real
might not be we'll see come Thursday all
these rumors we're gonna find out soon
enough
thank you for watching did your latest
NBA news
