hello everybody and welcome to the
bharatas NBA show I'm your host Brandon
the waters and you're watching the very
first episode of this series today was a
really busy day for the league which is
unusual because mid-june we're in the
middle of the NBA Finals game 6 right
around the corner draft night isn't even
here yet about a little over a week
fraidy starts in two or three weeks
nonetheless there's a lot of talk a lot
of movement going on in the league we'll
start off in Denver where the Nuggets
have hired the Nuggets have hired X
Sacramento Kings head coach Mike Malone
to a 4-year deal to become Daniel head
coach fourth year being a team option I
I love this deal for Denver because Mike
Malone is not a bad coach to record my
suggests he's a bad coach but Mike
Malone had a lot of praise from people
around the league for starting to turn
that Sacramento Kings team around he he
proved a lot especially considering the
roster that he had in place there he was
let go apparently because he didn't mean
manage my expectation he's a good coach
I think people were sleeping on and this
is gonna prove to be a good hire for
Denver it'll be interesting to see where
he takes them if not next year coming
years he's there for four years so we'll
see I like that move for Denver imma
just put this out there I hate talking
and be drafts rumors especially at a
time like this
a little over a week before the draft
things you hear especially at this time
could have this much with to it 0-9 what
you hear coming out of GM's mouth
reports rumors none of it could be true
come draft night it could be total
opposite of what the teams are trying to
do I'll get into it anyways there's a
report that the New York Knicks love the
top three players in this draft and
rightfully so DeAngelo Russell Jahlil
Okafor karl-anthony towns the New York
Knicks picks fourth it's those three
nanny orders are off the board by time
they pick fourth they have heavy
interest in trading down into the draft
with their eyes on two players one being
Frank the tank Kaminski out of Wisconsin
saying shooter 7-footer power forward
center second being Cameron Payne the
point guard who is less known than
Kaminsky one girl out of Murray State
average around 20 and six a game he's
interesting he's not as known as other
players in this draft but he's rising up
draft boards I've seen him as God early
as 9 10 11 so the Knicks again they have
interest in trading down they can't get
the player that they want other draft
rumor came out of Charlotte where
according to chat for of ESPN Insider
the Hornets reportedly love they love RJ
hunter who you guys might know as a man
who hit that shot for Georgia State NCAA
Tournament second-round that knocked his
father the head coach out his little
wheelchair stool he he's a shooter a
shooting guard the Hornets do like and
he's projected to go outside the lottery
the Hornets select number nine so it'll
be interesting how far down they move
who they trade with maybe they could
pick up an extra asset another rumor out
of the draft we're going to draft
Brooklyn is looking to package they pick
number 29 they're looking at packing
staff pick along with Mason Plumlee
who's a promising big man he's still
young I think 20 to 23 years old they're
trying to move up in the draft I'm not
sure how high that package could get
them but it could definitely move up a
few spots it looks like they're
committed to a full rebuild just last a
couple months ago they're put Deron
Williams and Joe Johnson on the trade
block there they're capped out they owe
a lot of money they're an aging team now
good enough to win a championship so I
think there's a rhyme if they could try
to flip flip some pieces for some of the
pics that they've lost in the recent
years ever since they they moved to
Brooklyn sad news coming out of Philly
honestly this is scary news for fans
players management coaches Joel embiid
who was selected third overall last
year's draft who missed all of last
season with foot injury has reportedly
suffered a setback in that same foot
and there's a legitimate chance
according to CBS Sports that he can miss
all of next season this is sad let me
tell you seven footed with foot injuries
did it's not good you see with Greg Oden
Yao Ming E I want to say but Kevin
Durant has had some problems this past
year you don't want to see this type of
thing happened and that's not even
counting how Joe land being missed the
NCAA tournament when he was in college
due to back spasms you hope he's okay
because he has so much potential beyond
even seen him play one game hopefully
he's even if he misses sometime it won't
be the whole season hopefully that
report isn't true
we'll see last but not least the biggest
things of the day came from LA in
Charlotte where the Hornets and clippers
they made a deal Lance Stephenson is on
his way to LA playing for the Clippers
Clippers sent Spencer Hawes and Matt
Barnes let me tell you why I love this
trade for the Clippers they got rid of
Spencer Hawes who had three years almost
twenty million dollars of ganti money
owed to him he was out of the Clippers
rotation he couldn't even crack the
rotation that's not a terrible contract
but at the same time that's not good
felt value for a big guy especially that
they weren't gonna use cleared up cap
space they did get rid of Matt bonds
which is gonna hurt he's he's a vital
part to their success three-point
shooter veteran tough attitude that's
gonna hurt but you bring Lance
Stephenson who he would I'm not in LA he
was terrible last year and terrible is
an understatement he he played he was
one of the worst players in the league
last year for being honest but you look
just the year before last he was a big
reason Indiana was even in the Eastern
Conference Finals about to knock out
LeBron James in the Miami Heat and go to
the NBA Finals he led the league in
triple doubles he's only 24 years old if
there's a team that could knock him back
knock his head in Los Angeles Clippers
Doc Rivers Chris Paul veterans a
contender last I checked Indiana Pacers
were a contender and he was putting up
nice numbers he might not start
JJ Reich is probably gonna start out the
guard but Lancias could play heavy
minutes coming off the bench he could
even play some with Chris Paul relieve
some of his ball handling duties I like
this string for the Clippers oh and the
biggest part he's in he's an expiring
contract sure he has two years left but
the last year is a team option so if he
doesn't work out in LA decline the team
option and he's gone this is this is a
low risk high high reward for the
Clippers they could get him back to even
playing 90 percent of how we did in
Indiana as if the West could get tougher
and that's this isn't a knock-on
Charlotte he obviously didn't fit there
they cut him loose they got apparently
they love Spencer Hawes he can stretch
the floor is a big guy who could shoot
Matt Barnes I'm not sure if he's going
to stay there he might be waived but
both teams did what they had to do I'm
not sure if I'm reading too much into
this or what but Matt Barnes was traded
he's pretty much the only true small
forward on that Clippers roster they
didn't get a small forward in return a
guys are free agent this summer that
goes by name of Paul Pierce who's from
LA he's from Inglewood he would like to
play for one last championship ring not
to mention the head coach of the
clifford's Doc Rivers coached Paul
Pierce for many years in Boston they
want Championships together they're
close I see this as the first domino
falling and Paul Pierce ending up in LA
this summer with the Clippers maybe I'm
reading too much into it who knows but
that's what I see anyways thank you for
watching the bravados NBA show that was
the first episode of what hopefully
turns out to be many I hope you enjoyed
leave a comment on any thoughts you had
about this show predictions let me know
who you think is gonna win Game six let
me know who you things gonna win the NBA
Finals Draft predictions anything thank
you for watching
