yeah so what are you doing raining what
time is it
five old one we were supposed to leave
to the airport at 5:00 but I kind of
extended it to 5:15 because look oh wait
I did pack one day my camera charger
because I can't forget to get vlog
though for you guys okay but you backed
like I was liking for no reason yes sure
I have to finish my video for you guys
because and I don't trust the airplane
Wi-Fi so I had to get my video done bro
I didn't sleep last night
guys I'm running on zero sleep just to
get my video done the boys are here
they're ready so oh wait you think these
are appropriate in New York outfit oh I
think tough pink top okay I don't show
it's Brandon what are you doing packing
a little weight when it's all good New
York City coming what time is it it's a
time that I don't want to say on the
vlog everybody will come I hate
I didn't get to finish my video
everyone's looking at me like I'm crazy
because I gotta get this video before we
get on the plane that's my main goal I
think my Mel's gonna kill me but it's
all good
ESPN I swear
oh I'm bottle bottle watch this the
whole time we want to go hey you ready
for a secret con we bout to take this
win hey you guys come stay here we'll
make room you can sit in my lap I'm
serious
Ali's not that big was six four
no we're trying to keep Denis calm so we
got a game of tic-tac-toe going I'm the
fish Denis is the turtle if you look at
my screen no screen looking don't put it
here if you putting I'm not talking to
you anyway
I like your scarf
you're getting ready for that New York
vibe
and the people in front of me and then
it's decided to come all the way I know
I'm not 6-1 but I still need my legroom
I can fly
yo oli Romel just and we're not trying
to leave you guys but we got to go first
so let me chest out the gate is that
fine we'll see you there bro
oh they're coming they're coming just
thanks for coming bro I'll leave brought
miss you see too
we're from San Diego we're not used to
this weather we're used to 80 degrees 90
sunny you come we look outside how cold
did the pilot say it was 20 degrees 25
well it's never been like that in San
Diego and like to you guys watching this
snow might be normal but to us it's like
we're in a dream right now it's almost
like it's almost like terrifying yeah I
know what are we supposed to do Dennis
I'm joking for the past week saying I'm
gonna wear basketball shorts in New York
you took the joke and made it literal
wait till we walk outside but you're
gonna turn into icicle okay guys so
we're about to walk out for the first
time if it's an idiotic open line on -
actually I'm a man bro years around my
mom raised me differently I don't need a
hood hold on
my ears feel like they're about to come
off but it's not too too bad don't do
drugs
Holly brought three bags for a three-day
trip you guys have a Raising Cane's in
New York what is that this is like forum
for us because we're from San Diego so
seeing snow and all the streets covered
like this is something else my god snow
New York traffic at this time is bad bad
and boozy except Nabu you play tennis
one more time honestly the snow if your
hand freezes and I'll get you a new hand
now what happens when they introduce
Romel to the crowd what are you gonna do
both no one knows my name or anything
like that
I'm gonna come out with two million
lights I'm a smash-up like some Cold
Steve Austin will jump on a table or
stand whatever is closest by then I'm
gonna check the beers that's a crowd Hey
are you gonna come out I'm gonna come
out too Mac Dre hey Ollie how are you
gonna come out when they call your name
bro Olly Olly we're live JK's will melt
we're tall Eagle hey Ollie all you do is
sleep and shit like a baby I swear
overgrown baby six-foot for baby all
right guys ready for a players meeting
I'm body meet up with my close friend
Kai so Lamar and a lot of other
youtubers so the rest of this vlog
should actually be lit and we're about
to head over to the players meeting okay
guys so we're all about to take over to
the convention center but I think you
ought to ride his motorcycle to the end
okay say warm not Chinese
no no okay guys so when we first got out
the airplane we were like oh it's not
too bad as whatever a couple hours later
and it's freezing cold but the
convention center is right there that's
what we're going to have the sneaker
contr nummy it starts tomorrow so you
already know I'm gonna be filming all
that for you guys like everybody
20 minutes can't seem to get in and the
players meeting already started once
trying to eat some pizza that I brought
home all here to play an attorney with
me and all these guys about to eat New
York Pizza away this is proof of the
game more than not let's see whose game
on ok guys so they didn't believe that
we were playing in the game or they
didn't believe I was a youtuber I don't
know what the problem was so we're gonna
try to get in from a different entrance
first they kept saying that there is no
such thing as a players meeting and then
after they found out the player meeting
was real they were trying to tell me
that I wasn't playing or that like I'm
not a youtuber and I'm just trying to
sneak in or whatever and I'm just like
no trust me and so we couldn't get in
from that way so now we got to find a
different way no at that point I'm just
like wait am I being set up am I being
pranked by guys or what's going on
okay so we ended up getting in these
people believe you I just want to see a
basketball court let's go guys that's
the bathroom on threshold first and then
your fucking connect home oh yes enemy
number one chi so now I feel like I'm at
home
are we distract isiliye
we don't show any love to our opponents
until we beat them that's it my team
name is named after you guys my
subscribers to watch flood and check the
logo up this logo is so sick look at it
old school Phoenix Suns logo mixed with
the brats clock
to
so guess who's in the three-point
contest let's go
he's running it all we just shot for a
three-point contest spot because you II
don't know honey make it up I let them
you know saying I have my championship
at the Duke I could tell the tomatoes
first choice and then you look at us and
feel kind of bad it's me Romel right
here faith run me ollie choke get a
little bitty joke so he's out I'm ready
for the three-point classes like I
didn't even expect to be in it but we
shall free I made for kick teen years
and anybody we play this is a scouting
report we will be exact
so we're gonna be exactly like Oh God
if you choose to shoot pass it back out
Nach house is gonna go why Papa Q you
said individual entrances right prolly
ok individual entry so you're coming out
with the stone cold
look at Romel final 3 he's about to earn
that pizza I've been talking about all
day if you make this two slices 2 slices
and cash is done before rahmel you one
that's three slices actually no we got
an important game tomorrow two slices
that's it
alright guys bring it in you know the
drill
right here and make sure you guys tell
you other teammates that I hear the
rules
hey I'm about to point out right now
who's taking the L over these next two
days 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 use use of you
Shikha they're so nice they raise their
hands to get knocked out there yeah you
guys freezing it what if we're on on
earlier in the day Jack no it's less
than 20 degrees right now it's late and
we're trying to go get some pizza so hey
I'll kill you both hey crazy one slice
of pizza for remember look so my hand
right now feel fine New York Pizza arrow
mom surprised you didn't eat the food
before you took a picture away this ice
is already huh Holly how is it amazing
where we are I don't know we're walking
around somewhere in New York we feel so
foreign over here I swear everything is
so different than San Diego not just the
weather but even the streets and like
everybody walking around you won't ever
see this many people walking around San
Diego you guys keeping each other warm
Hey in New York Amelie what and Romel
one time for the vlog and then I'll put
the camera away for the rest of the
night in New York what do you do come on
play the Sun play the song loose one
dose European Time Square baby
hey this city really never sleeps it's
like midnight right now and look at all
these people out everybody driving hey
Olli enough selfies today bro the city
is actually beautiful just extremely
cold okay I need to stop vlogging
because my fingers are numb I can't feel
them okay everybody say bye to the vlog
how was your first day New York amazing
cold freezing okay are you guys ready
for the tournament tomorrow you chicken
I'm ready to move the camera that's
gonna be the end of today's video I hope
you guys enjoyed it was something
different you know usually I'm vlogging
around the house around San Diego but
today we're in a whole different state
so good laughs good times with all my
boys except for Mel thank you so much
for watching this video please drop a
like if you did enjoy subscribe to the
channel if you are new other than that
we gotta get ready for this tournament I
can't wait and of course I'll keep you
guys updated on what happens in that
tournament I love you guys all
FML blood can flow kiss that's before we
see the Stone Cold Steve Austin side
guys so we got some crazy news today our
boy Jordan the main piece you got stuck
with finals but we actually you got on
the earliest flight today but nobody
knows only mean Justin nope he just
landed so we're just gonna call him and
see where he's at
we're in a surprise Brandon and that's
all Brandon's been talking about like Oh
Jordans not here you're here now
hey Jordan can you say what's up for the
vlog hey Brandon's a little crazy hurry
up and get over here look who made it
through Oh baby hey let's go see Brandon
freak out H I go in first and just act
like I walked in by myself and then no
one can
okay hey Brandon I know you're editing
you know that's the no talk time but I
got a little something for you come in
come in did you expect that really yes
but I do a lien well no no they don't
can we go in the roughest rewarding J
with some cheesecake but I can't believe
you're here that's crazy
hey Dennis why didn't you tell me I
thought we were friends because it was
so hard how hard was it keeping you in
well I can't keep my mouth shut if you
told Ally and remote they would
officiate said something I'm literally
in shock
Jordan's here like okay I'm not guys I'm
gonna end this vlog right now because I
need to go hang out with Jordan this is
crazy
the whole crew is here for the videos
now
