and today I am bringing you guys a brand
new video now for those who don't know
meat and all my boys are flying out to
New York early tomorrow and so the day
before you leave on the trip is always
the busiest most stressful day I have
time to make a little schedule for today
step number one at 8 a.m. to the Lebanon
so for 3 hours I'm going to edit and
upload my video and that's exactly what
I'm doing today so we're asking then at
11 a.m. when I finished the video play
basketball you know you gotta get your
basketball in so we have a basketball we
gotta get that done at 2:00 p.m. Dennis
please do the honors haircut baby very
big after the haircut we are going to
make our way to the dry cleaners because
I have some clothes that my mom tells me
you don't wash them on your home because
you're gonna mess them up so I'm gonna
take them to the dry cleaners at 4:00
p.m. I will be filming a video for
tomorrow which makes no sense why sets
for panicking I'm filming the video for
tomorrow right now but let's just keep
going uh at 6:00 p.m. I gotta go to the
mall and get a super warm coat for New
York because when I looked up the
temperature in New York and it's
actually like 20 to 30 degrees with some
snow we're from San Diego where we live
they call it sunny San Diego it's like
80 degrees in the winter we are not used
to New York weather after the mulch
about 6:00 p.m. this is the extremely
sad part of my day
at 8 p.m. we have the Bosley's farewell
I'm also gonna say bye to my brother in
my mom and dad I know usually when I say
bye the Baltic that's when I let him you
know why bother I boogers on me and
sneeze on me and you know lick me and I
let him do that so he could remember me
in a good way and that lasts to around 2
hours usually Brown 1:00 in the morning
then I'm gonna start packing my bag okay
because that's really the list and for
sure that's not gonna happen
Bosley's the first sure haircuts for
sure basketball and all that but when
you get to packing and that's not
happening till tomorrow okay let me
speak I was gonna say we have to leave
to the airport at 5:00 in the morning I
think I'll start packing at I got a
check set one off the list okay now step
to the end it's 11 oh hey hey what's
eating a piece of I'm a part of the
schedule once it a part of the agenda I
wanted I know but we gotta follow the
schedule oh I forgot to put you gotta
eat somewhere in the schedule so that
means we can't eat today you don't we're
gonna eat yeah it's not on the schedule
today we must follow the schedule or
else we're gonna miss the New York
flight well you go I would love a piece
of girl give me this sorry schedule it's
like Philly
trust the process trust the schedule oh
now they clean the courts when I'm about
to leave
studying the schedule to powers and
basketball are done you still have don't
look don't look
what's what's next just a couple things
when those sneakers on my Devin Booker
shoes riff they're gone sadly right
before a sneaker gone awry for a silicon
so I'm trying to break in the Kyrie okay
guys so this wasn't a part of the
schedule but we had a little bit of time
before going to get our haircuts so I
decided we can't go the whole day
without eating we ought to eat something
but I didn't finish the thumbnail of my
video so I'm working on this while
eating and then we're about to go get
hey Dennis fix your fever broke
hey Paul you gained as fresh for New
York
this is let's link up together pick up
my clothes from the dry cleaners oh I
feel so old when I go to the choice of
the paper
oh my schedule is going right on time
now uh-huh
you know what I want to go play more
basketball what's no no no no no no no I
have an idea let's ruin it let's just
take out the Bosley thing don't don't
seem today why are you so happy bro huh
why are you so happy
what we all right now go see Bosley I'm
excited this was my favorite part of the
schedule uh dance you know what I
noticed
hmm now that I think about it everybody
that's going on the New York trip with
us none of them played basketball today
but you know me I had to go I wasn't
gonna take out of my schedule but right
now guys we are about to go see the man
the myth the legend bodily plug Bulls
lose I keep trying to call my mom and
dad and nobody's answering
imagine father took them for a ride they
went to the beach and on that Buzzard
road whoo
your dad you were talking to my dad yeah
so why did he answer my calls
my mom's talking to him damn I feel the
love loyalty okay Bosley we come in
Bosley we're coming you're not seeing
the Bosley remake I know when you hear
those treats okay I'm just sad about it
okay guys I'm here to say my farewell to
Bosley ball is good I miss my family I
haven't seen them in a long time
Oh maybe you need a nice little knock
you did stuck in a buzz Lee hello mom
okay guys I got through the garage but I
don't want to barge in you know without
even saying anything because that's rude
so I'm gonna try to knock you one more
time oh wait do I have to do ya ooh
they'll definitely open it I think from
that you deserves to walk in yeah after
the head
yeah it's not it's only the second
quarter this time the clothes name well
I came to say bucks I'm leaving to the
north for three days and you're not
gonna see me the whole weekend dad dad
it's not even the Laker game if the
Laker game is done okay well I'm going
to New York for the whole weekend and
I'm gonna see me so I came to say bye I
mean my dad is in the mood to be on
camera so dad I'll leave you alone
y-yeah I guess try to find my mom then
mom what happy I'm going to New York the
whole weekend you're the one who told me
the other day to come by more often
takes and I you barely see me okay
that's what the hug I'm going to New
York the whole weekend mom you're not
gonna see me okay you and Debbie on a
fight no really she's here I'm thinking
there's a prank mom where's the camera
okay that's lovely one huh what I did
here all three for you unbelievable
how's mom okay I'm wishing my mommy I
gotta fight do you not want me to say
that in the wallet one okay you know
what I'm here kiss before go to New York
okay I'm gonna go see Brian this is I
love my brother hey no no you said they
were talking to you yeah we're doing a
fight after you passed your dad I said I
said he waved he said hi to you
yeah we've to just go see my mom hates
me
that's weird I'm gonna head her after
she said that to us
Brian I'm leaving to New York I'm not
gonna see you all the way through the
weekend
it's Molly
why is he on you him and Molly Brian
used protection
give me one
what I want to say hi
wait if the doors not like just go in
this normal is your brother it's long
but when you know how to open hey
where's Bosley that's a Louie's necking
forget Brian my mom my dad where's
Bosley don't worry I'm it I'm going to
see Bosley adenosine not me yeah yeah
not sucking around right now yeah I'm
glad you're here my mom Oh Oh Bosley I'm
right here
but you know I said I'm right here I
haven't seen in a while about them with
lighting fuzzy oh you have no thank you
thank you yeah because my ankle hurts so
bad and my call
okay thank you mom T like GE mom you're
my mother you can't just like do this we
had this all one hug I'm leaving you
guys on I miss you guys
listen can't you get it whoa what the
hell are you doing here all these signs
all these things were given we don't
want you to be here
we keep annoying you for a reason yeah
because you're like pranking me on your
channel you know why why did you come
here to say bye because I miss you guys
wait mom what is it brought me okay well
this is why me and my dad are close why
was my haunting like that you guys don't
want me here
and no way I will
she doesn't on camera it actually
sounded weird hearing my mom said we
don't want to hear because stop it said
she calls me every day saying okay are
you gonna come visit us today are you
gonna come
and finally the one shown here I don't
like it you know guys we planned a
little skit for you guys I hope you
enjoyed I hope you thought I was funny
but I really am going to New York mom so
I'm gonna miss you see you more as a
whole weekend oh that's my favorite when
I see people meeting Brendan like for
you makes me so proud Oh a proud mama
thank you and let me give you a piece
you asked me for this and I go there
what about - he hit me up he said bow
it's freezing so bad so you guys were
asking for the scale while it Bosley
actually walked away from me I don't get
that Bob are you gonna miss me do you
want to go to New York and we could play
basketball like this look we'll go in
the car okay we'll drive to the airport
when we get to the airport
we'll get on the plane and after we get
on the plane we're gonna fly to New York
when we get to New York we're gonna go
to the sneaker con do you know what that
is only if you give me a kiss okay
you're not coming I swear I missed ball
day I've seen him in so long and he
looks a little sick he looks bad we need
to take him to the vet very soon okay
Bosley guys I can tell him bothers in
the mood to kiss me watch Bosley give me
a kiss one more no homework for the
camera one more we're on the lips our
cheek lips Oh Dennis you naughty this
time not the lips lips is bad because
you're not married only on the cheek
there okay guys so let's not forget
we're not going to New York just for fun
we're going to New York for a basketball
and there's a bunch of teams playing but
based on the votes so far there are
three top teams that are favored to win
the tournament Jay's dream crew you know
Kai's on the logy
there's kick genie astray and J and then
there's my squad me I'll leave role Mel
and Justin those are also pretty good
teams and let's not forget there's a lot
of other ones that I'm not mentioning
but Dad if you had to pick one team to
take home the championship bring home
the rain maybe in the trophy I don't
know if we gotta bring in a trophy but
I'll bring home the championship mom my
mom is gonna be really really fun but
you know I'm not gonna go up in there
with my boys and lose a tournament we're
taking it home but what's fun is winning
that tournament remember that guys yo
guys it is for 19 in the morning right
now we got to leave to the airport at
5:00 a.m. I'm finishing up my video I
literally got no sleep last night
Oh Dennis I think you were right about
the packing oh right there
okay guys well I have to get this video
done and I don't trust airplane Wi-Fi so
I'm trying to get this done right now
and New York I'm so ready to see you
guys I'm so ready to win this tournament
thank you guys so much for watching this
video yesterday was one of the busiest
days of my life with the feels like I'm
going crazy right now with no sleep like
my brain it's like running all around
but please drop a like on this video if
you enjoyed subscribe to the channel if
you are new to everybody who I'm gonna
meet in New York
I can't wait that's the highlight of
every vacation that I take is meeting
all you guys so I love you guys all and
thank you so much for watching this
video but watch squad peace
