what is going on you guys banned in here
aka April water today I'm here with my
best friend Denis we really don't have
too much time to talk right now because
brian is on his way to drop off my
bracelet Brian took my bracelet because
I don't know I guess he wanted it he
said it looked really nice I let him
borrow it for how long you needed it but
now he's bringing it back and me and
Dennis decided that since Brian is
coming here we are going to prank him
you guys already know everything about
you know Brian and ghosts and haunted
areas Brian gets scared that stuff so
what we are going to do today is a
haunted ghost prank on my brother
Electric bucks right here and obviously
controls of all the lights in the home
this is the entry light when they answer
the door master bedroom living room so
what we're gonna do wait come to think
about is this my quickest intro ever I
feel bad no one's everyone on visit us I
know no one's ever gonna want to visit
us every time someone comes we pranked
them but dennis is gonna be hiding in
the room I'm gonna have the door closed
and the lights off and there's a son
game on right now so I'll bond ok guys
Brian is huge so hold on wait I became
guys I need to hide the camera behind
the TV and then I need to cover it
okay so the camera is covered brian is
here and we're about to bring you guys I
said I what I call an Infiniti bring up
Jeff
figure it out no I pulled my hair I
swear on my hair and then this thing
what I literally take it off it gets
caught in my hair here right here here
Brendon I rip it Huff stop screamin
coach imagine having a beer imagine I
let my chain half the time the chicken
this but I'm gonna shape a little bit of
my head right here so what I ready to
pull it blew my hair so bad do me come
literally I was watching the son's game
but they were doing so bad that I turned
it off do you want to watch some of it
yeah sure what do you need you actually
have nothing to do I've to get a
disguise for my video tomorrow oh the
middle school yeah yeah Brian people are
gonna notice who you are no they're
gonna do hey but I swear this was
happening earlier today I don't know
from what did they say that's like an
electrical problem
wait look now the kitchen lights okay
variance Brian you doing
I swear to God I love this I don't know
where my camera for hold on wait how do
you usually turn off the kitchen light
Brian hold on Brian just from there hold
on
come with me please okay no I'm right
right right right right right come on
what is happening ever come wait let me
turn to the left on this out light on in
there is there is it
I don't know that one is flickering on
and off to hold on
Brian are you Brian
okay hey Brian Brian Brian wait come
back come back I don't know buddy
Brian come here please
I swear just what I was just watching
the Sun game by myself
dennis is in his room wait you're
literally not gonna believe me no no you
live then you just sit for one second
you I swear I don't believe me I've
literally been waking up in the middle
of the night for like a week straight
and sometimes the light in my room is on
sometimes like my rooms all this is
having to you before I end the house
yeah Brian this is literally the same
thing that happened to you
hold on whoa but it's never happened
like in the kitchen
Brian the life teacher oh wait what the
fuck and then you just look and continue
happen in the flock man so nobody would
believe me it's over so my phone
Friday written did you call up front
it's happening the robot I thought was
like you know where you look this is
this is how you know I mean I never want
to do it I thought I was crazy if you
talk to the ghost on model know I'm
crazy exactly your face you listen or
she'll listen just say like right now
look you want you know okay just say
you're gonna be scared when I do this
you're gonna be scared believe in the
middle of the night when I wake up I do
this I talk to the ghost and it's so
scary but they listen look hold on can I
ask you to please turn off the kitchen
by Brian you try it go goes please turn
off the living okay
please just just for the vlog right now
Brian what is happening you talk to the
living room lines imagine you scared
imagine there's an electric bike a
controlling living room the air you saw
look when he said living room up I would
just turn this was scary everything was
flashing yeah you know hard it was look
like hold this yeah everything's
watching out you should be a DJ Brian
that was scary huh like I literally
thought that this was happening
throughout every apartment that was the
scariest problem we were trying to run
out everything turned off belt like I
was trapped Dennis now the freaking
thing is restarting and the son's game
was on
what Dennis but Brian not on your shirt
no that's what you get for Silla my kid
you know what this idiot did in the
middle of all these lights flickering on
and off he goes and gets candy okay show
us how it gets caught show us how he
gets caught oh yeah Brown by the way
that didn't really happen to me in the
middle of the night like I wake up to go
pee but not to talk to the ghost how do
you think you're gonna you're gonna slam
the door Brian what are you doing oh
you're cleaning your chain what you
actually wash your hands now when we
look together you never did Dennis were
you being serious about the cable bugs
being burnt out it's been like an hour
and it's still no son's game is bad
Harry chess competition whoever hear
your chest tennis I think we still see
you boy I think Brian wins Brian with a
shirt off Dennis with a shirt off we
need the candle Elena it burned my
fucking hand it burned my hand okay guys
so since something happened to the cable
blogs and we can't watch the rest of the
son's game let's take a look at Dennis's
room so if you're new to this channel
you probably don't even know that Dennis
has his own home like right here because
he's always in my room oh wait I think
we have to put gas do you have enough
gas to get to Dennis's room yeah do you
are you sure is there traffic or not I'm
not trying to hit traffic
oh the traffic's coming heavy traffic's
coming heavy and wardi here Brian you
got here before me bro three four months
that we played over now more than three
months okay okay guys so Dennis we got a
TV Xbox a table account you know the
living room solid right let's check out
your room Brian's exactly makes you
messy okay fine
you lemons clean no it's okay
the people downstairs are for sure
o'clock of all games wheel of fortune
and jeopardy no way our wheel of fortune
Brian if we had called Beauty you'll
probably leave Hey
right created that's what killed the
kooky reported infinite gaming no that's
that's caught four and that was a good
game
you know what whoever made it I'm sorry
but you suck hey Ryan's on one tonight
prize a really hard one okay Dennis at
least you have some good food okay guys
so I'm naked right now pretty right
exactly why you acting weird
okay so let's bring back good memories
Brian hold on we're brothers I wouldn't
mind I'm not talking to do but I
wouldn't mind okay listen we're brothers
we grew up together like we're friends
like Brian why are you acting brand-new
oh my gosh guys here I'm gonna go to the
ghost now hey how's it going thank you
Brian do I really thank you both you too
yeah I want to see yours after time for
a prank okay I put my clothes back on I
put my clothes back on
what I put my hoodie on geez
don't you see all those memes on Twitter
of people saying oh when I move down the
walk around the mall house naked
I hate haters I hate hey
why are you guys being haters you know
what now I'm coming out one last time
you got something that belongs to me
Brian if you don't do it with me I'm
never talking to you again what are you
trying to say do you know the song he'll
be Rihanna damn so you're gonna get all
the guys hey you said you're Rihanna not
Jason can't be both I don't know how to
talk to you hey I'm not looking at
lyrics bro underwater when you don't
have a fork but cheesecake to bomb bunny
remind me of Bosley
Ready Set Bryan
let's go let's go ready ready set go
it's impossible to do in the world okay
guys so rice and he came up with a new
invention I have to do it from the back
and this is the worst but just the top
what you're gonna do for them okay does
it feel worse than the top yeah it
tickles so much more okay let's just go
all the way through his head you guys
off the smash dahling life okay you want
a lot of lights on your video okay come
on be a man ready go
says the one who cry for the ghost baby
says the one who was on the prank and
rain - okay guys every time before I
used to go on trips on me and Brandon
used to live together I used to ask him
how many times did I just say used to I
used to ask him I said again are you
gonna miss me but now that I've moved
out I've barely seen right anyways but I
still need to ask him Brian I'm going to
New York this weekend there's not any
difference but I'll still miss you tell
them how excited I am to be all my
supporters in New York super excited
super excited I can't wait to me all
right guys New York this weekend we're
gonna be there the whole time
sneaker card basketball tournament I
can't wait it's me Dennis Romel only
Justin
I wish Brian was coming back oh I'm
Hirano he's gonna be I know you wanna
break for tomorrow okay fine
there's how we think of which music to
play just depends where we're headed but
yeah guys I wish Brian would come and I
know you guys would all love to meet
Brian trust me he's awesome but he's
gonna be in Canada during that time so
either way New York this weekend we're
coming oh my gosh Brian is this heaven
or what it's hell
Brian God shout out to Anthony and my
cousin Gilbert for going all the way to
Los Angeles and bringing back cane they
only went to all sandals for canes for
us
there's no canes anywhere near here we
live in San Diego I like going where -
okay how far is we're driving we love
Raising Cane's we love it Brian take the
first bite and tell us how it is yeah
we'll take that as a yes okay guys it is
time to close out today's video because
I'm gonna spend the rest of the night
convincing Brian to come play basketball
with me tomorrow right please please
it'll be so fun be there tomorrow
morning - avoiding me Dennis you know
you're always invited to play basketball
last basketball session before I go to
New York but anyways I'm gonna be
playing basketball in New York Brian how
scary was the prank last time that was
actually free yet first I thought it was
like it was a like electrical problems
it was Dennis problems man guys drop a
like on this video if you enjoyed Brian
getting praise please subscribe to the
channel if you are new term pulse
notifications all like you know the bell
just go click yeah okay whatever thank
you so much for watching this video I
love you guys all go watts club and I
can't wait to meet a lot of you guys in
New York so bye guys Brian don't forget
please come play basketball with me
tomorrow
