we went in that playoff game today are
we winning our playoff game tonight
these guys a Celtics fan so he knows
about winning when does the bethlo
argument stop hey I want to be a part of
it
I know you saw me we're next let's go
no more lifting let's go we're next
don't waste your energy we got a game
tonight
go demons go dips so I don't know this
way these two belong I belong in here
the basketball court I don't belong
around anyway hey I got to have a talk
with you enjoyed it really quick so I
know you guys are like trying to work
out or whatever but trying to go eat
yeah let's have you get a burrito you
are you doing the cameras off he's all
the forces meet me I'm turning off the
camera
you got to do it guys I feel like we
haven't showed this in the vlog but each
of us have different handshakes with
each other so there's me and Dennis hey
I'm about to go enjoy some food Jordan
you can enjoy staring at some weights
and working out I thought you said you
have to work out yeah off the camera
okay the cameras off are you talking
about
hey does this car look familiar Dennis I
feel like I'm related to this car like
it's my brother or something oh wait
maybe that's cuz today's the bad thing
about having the same exact him as your
brother and you guys are both youtubers
I accidentally took his camera the last
time I saw him and he's been begging for
it back so Brian I know you're enjoying
a nice lunch right now but I got a job
your camera off bro
finally huh what's up bro I like your
changing nation yeah the food's here you
can't have any why you told me to stay
showed up late to the party trying to
say therefore I'm obligated to eat okay
so the chicken wings look bomb what are
they called
Oh hot wings oh whatever they're called
so the chicken wings I mean the hot
wings look bomb right now but when you
have a game later today you got to be
healthy the ranch's mortalities what's
up doc wait does he eat carrots or or a
sellers okay and the consequences begin
as soon as Dennis opens the door
that's it Dennis is cheating don't talk
don't touch me don't talk to me - no
it's cool you guys want the same part
that's funny
I don't know where you guys are going
I'm going home Oh Dennis you're just
like hey can I go my apartment you could
no problem there isn't a major concert
there's a first time I've seen Brian
come to my house not to eat all my
snacks and drink all my water know how
to check the snack cabinet No
so since I haven't gonna stay with
everybody else it's only right that I
have one with my brother I wanted it to
be like this because you know brothers
brotherly love so there's what I wanted
Oh love you dude so that's what I want
but then we switched it up okay here so
that Brian and Danny's don't get but her
anymore let's just all go in the same
car how about that oh you wish
newly converted Phoenix
I'd like to induct you into my fandom
now we got to the handshake out fishing
oh yeah why you guys shower before plane
and just like pressings you hate but
honestly guys we gotta announce it
somebody will announce it when we get
back to the house first of all yeah but
Brian said if I will not blaspheme I get
the bracelet back but if I lose then I
get to keep it it's actually time for
the game and I can't wait guys before
the season started I made a promise to
2.4 million subs that my team would make
the playoffs and guess what the promise
is fulfilled we made the playoffs but it
doesn't end there the thing is the team
were playing today is actually really
really good they're nine and one they
had nine wins and one loss but it
doesn't matter because although the team
we're playing is good I have confidence
in my team I love the support like Brian
company more guys I hope you guys win
cuz if they win they're going to play
the championship game we win we move on
to the championship if we lose it's by
no more oh if we lie by guys we lose our
season is over it's done goodbye
everybody like I said this team they
were number one first place they're not
used to losing if I'm there
you're winning wait hold a handshake oh
hey we're ready and we're about to go
play playoff let's go the special guest
guy at the game okay guys so what was
once a joke about how if I lose my
playoff game Brian gets to keep my
bracelet it's now reality Brian's gonna
keep this on and if I win my playoff
game I take it off and get it back if I
lose he's gonna go back home where I
could really keep it for sure I'm down I
know you're down don't worry if I lose
then you can have Brian's rope if I lose
you get Brian the real good luck charm
we got our coach tonight and I'm loving
the shoes dad hey so I was talking about
a special guest playing in our game and
you want to inform them who it is
are you ready though I may get sick hey
that's not the right answer bro are you
ready
Beyonce Lee oh
he's 10 in
Oh April 1 is
we're down by five with only nine
minutes left
exactly a loss we buy the largest
four-faced all right calm down calm down
and what it is never gonna hire you
again
we're about to lose this game saw a bad
game if I was on the team though within
like 30 20
imagine if out on team yeah we'd like
128m good could play better Gilbert
Gilbert nice nice what's going on
oh my God look at the score
yeah those wow this is mine
I thought down by five was best shoot it
oh yes it's all good he's boom-boom Rome
all the GameChanger
let's go rhyme out cold Brandon come on
come on robot is keep your head up
Oh Brandon away
everything dude
oh good call good block good blog can he
finish
you know so bad
50 seconds get ready around on the car
when they make the comeback
Brandon what happened there man
we lost for my boys are playing in the
championship party with the champion
valley for my boys
thirty seconds left
most time to make haircut appointment
there's 20 seconds left up by three 20
seconds ain't no dream nobody
good for DJ
even though we lost my boys well you
want at least one championship not me
baby obviously we didn't win the
championship but I love my boys so as
long as they want
we took a hell um it's not much more to
say we didn't have a good game at all I
didn't have a good game at all it wasn't
even close
hey we matched up against a really
really good team there's a reason that
team we played was number one there's a
reason why they only lost one game the
whole entire season
I feel like my team is also really good
I love playing with my team but we just
got outplayed I've taken a lot of the
blame I'm putting a lot of the blame on
my shoulders I feel like I could have
played way better I missed a lot of open
shots so I'm extremely disappointed with
myself to my teammates I'm sorry I feel
like I let you guys down my teammates
were coming up to me after the game and
you know they were saying oh my bad my
fault but I was just like no it's not
your fault it's my fault
I want to apologize to all you guys
watching this video because I know you
guys wanted us to win and once again
every time we lose I put it all on my
shoulders so I'm sorry myself for not
getting the win I'm sorry that you guys
have to waste your time watching a game
where we pretty much got killed it
wasn't even close I'm just really upset
and I'm not upset at my teammates and
I'm sad the other team I'm not upset at
you guys I'm upset at myself I'm very
upset at myself I can't wait for next
season that's all I'm gonna say we lost
we took the L won last time I'm sorry
for all you guys who watched this video
hoping that we were gonna win I feel
like I wasted you guys it's time with
all that being said guys Brian really
took my bracelet by the way he wasn't
joking so Brian
don't forget your so many younger
brothers so he better bring him back the
league owner actually came up to me
after the game and he said that I was
actually second in the whole entire
league in scoring I finished second
place in points and I pretty much said
in my head individual stats are nice you
know points are cool but it's what you
do as a team that really matters and
it's cool that I finished second in the
whole entire league in scoring but at
the end of the day my team lost in the
playoffs and that's what matters more to
me sorry guys I'm like I'm like really
out of it I'm trying my hardest to be
enthusiastic to close this video out but
honestly I'm so passionate about
basketball that when we lose a game like
this I'm just really
said I'm really down on myself so just I
guess subscribe to this channel if
you're new drop a like if you enjoyed
and other than that guys I love you all
so so much Brandon aka bharata's I'm out
and I love you guys all peace
