hey guys ready aku bharata's here and
we're back with another video and today
I'm gonna be going to the gym tomorrow I
have a playoff game look good feel good
okay guys so Paul coming fresh right now
what's today Monday yes I'll be back
Thursday
so I'll be broke if I come every day and
the reason I'm going back and getting
cut in two more days or three more days
is because me and all the boys are going
to New York for a sneaker con and so hey
you got to look good for a sneaker con -
two haircuts in four days who else other
than bro waters I know what are you
eating I want to see what I worked out
today so I've got my oh that good
protein tell them who we're gonna see
right now before you tell them to show
them your hand okay I call Shotgun no no
I get shotgun and I get to he'll get no
rock-paper-scissors for shotgun but you
can't do rocker paper no yeah I win yes
I guess shotgun JK the vegan from the
bay
today I'm gonna have apple and zucchini
are you sure there's no meat in there
though in this yeah it said a vegan
friend
oh he get friendly I just want to make
sure because I want you to ruin like
you're vegan I'm like we got caught up
in you got it okay then you better make
sure I don't get copyright I'm good
all right guys AJ that actually felt
good on and do it again me Justin
Dennis Ali Romel and Jordan are all
headed to New York in a couple of days
and we're from San Diego born and raised
Oh way not you he's from the bay but
everyone else is from San Diego born and
raised ah oh yeah so my point is here in
San Diego it is 80 degrees outside so
it's 80 degrees mid December this is
winter for us the Sun is out there's no
rain there's no snow obviously we've
never been a part of snow in San Diego
so now that we're going to New York
where it was like mid-30s heels snowing
on Saturday I think so we're gonna head
over to the mall right now and try to
buy a bunch of like heavy warm clothing
away so I can't go in like basketball
shorts or whatever joy of frostbite hey
Jay you ready for the playoff game
tomorrow 100% ready imagine if we win
this championship and then on the
weekend New York Omar hey Dennis I think
you should get us all mad before the
game like just get a Superman yeah we're
on the wrong corner I'm gonna say mean
things
yes AI mean thing give us an example
your hair is not fully gelled oh how
many points sorry Jay I don't mean it
Jay Jay mean about me
vanning your hair look like you got cut
today yeah yesterday okay I'm not going
to the best ball game I understand he's
vegan and all that but even his top
emojis look cucumber salad broccoli corn
I haven't used the meat emoji in like a
year it's
Hey but I see hearts and then the wet
water drops that must mean to be talking
to girls no uh-oh
hey is this gonna keep us warm for New
York those are the winter edition the
winter edition of Gucci flip-flops hey
Dennis I want you to try these on bro I
think you would look extremely good in
these these right here people are
wasting their time and money to meet
Santa when you can meet Jay case you
want to take a picture of Santa
no I want for Christmas what do you want
for christmas Louie V look they keep
security at the door now in case Li
Angelo's trying to come by Honolulu
Mexico City New York yeah so now you're
in New York
hey I dare you to travel to Mexico it
might be a long flight and you're in
Mexico oh I'm trying to go to London UK
hey to all my UK fan I'm here NJ where
you send me and we're all in the same
video oh sure it's all my friends in
Australia I know there's a lot yeah I
think that's a good New Year comfortable
where those supreme socks with Gucci
flip-flops you hi Beast hey I think you
should make a trip back home
Dennis where you're from you gotta go
visit your fam
shai town baby where are you from
Shaytan or Hong Kong all right peace out
Bo let me know when you come back let
him go
JK smiley brought to you by Dennis
Wendy's weird over hey J looks better in
it hey so this really really nice young
lady pulled out her phone and she said
her brother is a huge fan his name is
Gilbert Gilbert where you at he's in
Mexico right now so he can't be here but
we still gotta show him some love we
could screenshot a picture I brought a
nice to meet you hey love in Mexico we
got to go out there one day and so I
meet a supporter right here his name is
Joe where did you say you were from you
could say New York is it freezing cold
right now over there just freezing cold
air you guys need a second okay we need
a thicker jacket a good thing boat it's
like he just landed in our labs like we
needed to ask some questions so dennis
found something he would love to wear
head in new york
let's see it baby oh there's a worker
behind you Dinah Terry
it looks good but I say get it I got
your feet oh you just need for my fork
no Jay okay go
you got it what my knees go goes holy
staring at his knee all because he does
want to eat from my for how do you like
the cake cake
to get ready for a playoff game tomorrow
we got recovery time getting your arm
ready for the camera can you give them a
flash through the glass flash step flash
then flash then flash the car parking
right there ten is your hair you bro but
I love it god
Thank You Island Cameron
guys we're doing real live boomerangs
okay and I press the boomerang hey now I
know I would sell all the time I go up
and they come down emotionally
oh yo if you're wondering why I'm so
high up right now I think I hit a growth
spurt in the past two minutes
hey Jay can you film how tall I am now
I'm a little hurt
this is how it feels to be hey hey hey
throw me over the glass okay and do you
guys Supermarine
okay okay guys so if you're wondering
what the title thumbnail of this whole
video is all about because a bunch of
people were asking after they saw
Dennis's eye on snapchat everybody was
wondering what happened okay how old
uncle I'm obviously gonna let Dennis
tell his side of the story because I
wasn't even there
but pretty much what happened was the
night we went out for my boy's birthday
we kind of encountered some haters and
they put their hands on Dennis and we
were out we were probably a group of
what nine ten people yeah we had a
really big group we were all trying to
have a good time and so we were walking
around downtown San Diego and while
we're on our way to the club we heard a
couple people like two or three people
all the way from the other side of the
street they started screaming some shit
because I guess they saw me they started
screaming you know F robot is blah blah
blah just a bunch of hay and you know I
don't really we didn't really care about
the hey office I didn't care we just
ignored it and you know they kept trying
to scream and scream and get our
attention they were just haters and we
weren't even giving any attention
because it's my 23rd birthday we're all
trying to have a good time so we're not
trying to ruin it by starting any fights
or anything so they just kept yelling
and yelling all the way from across the
street we just ignored them and went to
the club and that's it mind you that
when I have any members some people are
like oh oh I've given our group one
until yeah approach them and all that a
bunch of people that we were with were
like yo Brandon they're talking to you
let's go do something I'm just like nah
bro who cares they're just a bunch of
haters so yeah so we went to the club
and you know we're all children we're
all hanging out and then I don't know
where Dennis disappears out I don't know
where Dennis went this guy left the club
so here tell them why you left because
none of us even knew that Dennis left he
kind of just disappeared now we're there
and then I forgot my phone so I was like
and we had a hotel literally right we're
on the corner cuz I connected to the
club pretty much yeah so I went there to
go get my phone as I was walking back
that's when I saw those same guys again
there was three of them and then that's
when like one of them came up to me and
like Barrett not really sure on me well
like they were trying to like and that's
when like one of them like was getting
up close and he like tagged me on my
chin but like they weren't all on me i
won
well whose is one of them he came up he
liked at me and then that's one like me
and him started like getting into a play
at first I wasn't even like doing
anything but once he Tamia to me Dennis
told me that like at first they were
just talking smack to him and Dennis
wasn't saying anything he was just
trying to go get his phone but then
obviously when someone like taps you in
the chin like this well then when I
started fighting the first guy because
that's when he touched me and then
that's when his boy came in and
basically like when I was fighting the
first one was fine whatever
the second one came obviously got harder
and then I was trying to fight both and
then I put like I tried going to like a
wall so no one came from behind me and
then once the third one came I couldn't
do anything
there was three guys I managed started
basically defending my face they ran
into what their boy was driving like a
truck and you got in and laughter so let
me just say this guy's so Danny's got
jumped by three people for what reason
because you're in my videos and they
even tried snatching my chain from me
they try said remember I came I sure his
rear and the fact so it was three verse
one and the fact that even afterwards
papers won't they had to hop in a car
and drive like I don't understand okay
if you're gonna do that to me okay
whatever I guess I guess you hate me
because I make youtube videos then do it
but you're gonna do it to Dennis Dennis
doesn't all he just in my videos I say
he doesn't mean like that she was crazy
and Dennis is Dennis is such like a good
person that even after all that happened
after you got his phone he didn't even
like call us and tell us what happened
because he said he didn't want to ruin
our night he didn't want to ruin all
these birthday so he went back got a
phone and came all the way back to the
club and didn't say a single word about
what happened just so he didn't make any
of us worried or ruin our night I know
you guys would have all King Oh what
happened that's what I find out and
everyone started jumping running around
downtown what we found out what happened
to Dennis
we all went crazy I was scared when I
told him I got scared everyone was going
crazy people are grabbing me they were
trying to run everywhere traffic we were
like Dennis show us what they look like
cuz we have like ten people we were so
mad like this is Dennis it's my boy we
all love Dennis so we were like Dennis
but we were like walking around downtown
we were
literally on hunch but we never found
them they hopped in and Connelly drove
away so whoever did this to my boy in
funny three-on-one to somebody who
someone who doesn't do it he's literally
just in my videos he's he's never done
these matter and when Dennis told me
that like he gotta fight I was so
surprised because Dennis or just like me
I'm the type of person where you know if
I'm walking in someone like like does
this or you know bumps into me I'm just
I'm civil I'm just like Oh like I even
say my bad my bad boy you know your good
is whatever but the fact that someone
comes up in my tab search it like hits
you after chuckles I don't know it was
just the fact that happened for no
reason just because these guys were
haters like I don't know when they were
screaming at us all the way from across
the street were they waiting outside the
club like what made them like I don't
know gorgeous in that pool exactly why
didn't they approach us when we had like
ten people they approach you when you're
alone that's like so yeah guys a bunch
of people were asking what happened to
Dennis you appreciate it
the answer is pretty much cleared of all
the questions trust me when I say if me
and my boys were all there first of all
I would've never came up just like they
have the chance to come up the first
time they didn't do anything they waited
till it was alone this would've never
happened
so Dennis you gotta tell us when you're
gonna leave bro yeah I know I wasn't
dumb for I admit that I was dumb for
just leaving but it's cuz it was so
close to something grandma it's like
there was like me going to the bathroom
yeah I'll just go get my phone and come
back you know what I mean no some people
are just they like to start a fight so I
like to start drama we're not like that
but I guess some people are they'll be
fine you'll be straight Dennis
anyways guys thank you so much for
watching this video I hope you guys
enjoyed we gotta get ready for a New
York hey New York I mean it when I say I
can't wait to meet all my supporters out
there I hope I meet every single one of
you guys other than that thank you so
much for the support for my best friend
Dennis and yeah it's gonna close out
today's video subscribe to the channel
if you're new to remote locations offer
brand new videos every single day and I
can't wait for our playoff game tomorrow
we got away AJK without a win yeah hold
on you guys should have seen JK's that
day when he found out you guys to the
scene chick is wearing my chain right
now bye guys thank you for watching I
love you guys all
