what is going on you guys Brandon here
aka waters and today I am bringing you
guys a brand new video so earlier today
I was thinking about it and my dad he
refuses to buy new clothes so I thought
to myself and I decided now I'm gonna
call my dad take him to the mall and
pretty much surprise him with I don't
know like $1000 mm I don't know I don't
want to put a price on it pretty much
just buy whatever you want dad just go
to the mall pick out some shoes jeans
shirts hoodies jackets watch and buy him
whatever he wants
I love my dad my dad does so much for me
every single day not just when I was
younger but still to this day so this is
the least I could do for him so my dad
doesn't know about it yet I just told
him if he can meet with me right here
so he's downstairs and I can't wait to
see the look on his face dad don't get
me wrong you look good in your clothes
but it's time for some new ones dad
you've had the same wardrobe for years
and years and years so dad you deserve
it and I can't wait to see your reaction
look at Dennis with the change of
wardrobe I like the jeans you have to
come out do things too you want to
compete with my day
yeah oh whatever he gets Instagram page
you're gonna go on oh yeah well my dad
he's gonna post 100% in his new clothes
papa rug and my dad's actually driving
to the mall right now so what if I told
you right now that we're going to the
mall
so that you could pretty much go into
any store pick out anything you want
bring it up to the front desk and I'll
swipe my card and it's all yours
no if you want a check
my car not gonna have enough checkbook
no seriously
yeah you know what I never want shopping
to myself yeah the past I don't know
five years since you moved here from
Iraq no come on
no series to nobody done that for me and
seriously if you're gonna do that for me
that's crazy
I'm a Gucci member looking for shirts
sweaters
at least he said socks this is really my
dad sighs dad enemy you should sing
those lyrics
okay guys so we just got to the mall my
dad hasn't been to the mall so long that
he forgot the way he didn't know how to
got lost
JP sees cars right there shut up shut up
oh I see Justin's car I swear I see
Justin's car this is I think men and
woman yeah what about this
first stop Foot Locker do you agree yes
I do I don't know there's my shopping
spear on my dad's cuz I want to go to
Foot Locker - oh I see a Laker Jersey in
the back I see Alonzo ball Jersey in the
back oh I don't know if I could spend my
money on a Jersey that's not the Phoenix
Suns I knew it I knew it my dad's
looking through the Laker jerseys trying
to find this size not a son's Jersey dad
you act like they have sons jerseys here
we're in California Oh balls
Lonzo balls I promised my dad a shopping
spree so if you want to Lonzo ball
jersey we're gonna get one how do they
fit too big
where's your toes
I think it's good dad if it's comfy
those ones look nice air maxes me I'm
just one can I get disco how about 49
many
my dad's bargaining dad is just full
like another swap meet guys I'm picked
this out for my dad because I have the
same one so we can match I think it
looks good I didn't know that either oh
you didn't bargain for it it's okay I
think I think if you bargain one more
time we'll get kicked out so I think
yeah I think this one well we'll get
full price the mannequin there's no way
we're getting a discount a big baller
there's no way she'll give you a
discount if you show him your phone dad
Oh
so dad did you choose your phone or a
discount on the Jersey doctor's the
discount the discount of Jersey yeah you
lost your phone I got another phone at
home you got to pose now but really we
picked up my dad a Lakers Jersey a
jacket the shoes oh you had in forget no
fitting room or your own fitting room
that looks nice and we can match I have
the same exact one and guys in case you
don't know today is my boy
Ali's birthday Jordan year LeBron year
whatever you want to call it he's 23
years old so I'm picking up some new
basketball shoes for all leads hey ollie
happy birthday we love you bro
yeah if you know how to bargain like the
head let's go to Gucci Louis be now
runner he decided every time and go
shopping together some of this time guys
I don't know if you're ready to find out
where we're going right now
but we're gonna go see JK's I'm so
nervous yeah we're approaching this
store we're about a hundred feet away
right now and the camera is shaking I'm
scared camera taking that isn't scared
but we're about to see Justin
and he's on a mission where we going and
now he wants as long as we keep them
away from Gucci maybe some blue jeans
okay guys we lost my dad I have no idea
oh wait is he in the girl he's in the
girl section who let him go by himself
look you see MTC's head it's over there
oh my dad's going wild guys I'm actually
so excited to buy him all these things I
thought he would be shy and not pick out
a lot of things but my dad's autumn on
no limits right now I'm happy
shopping spree is over
it's farmer-to-farmer rug okay guys so
store number two is done we got my dad
some jeans and now we're gonna head over
to get my dad some Nike shirts down
under you're turning into me but you
know we've done a bunch of stuff it's
the opposite I'm supposed to go up to be
my dad
now my dad's going into my clothing I
found this shirt I really like for my
dad well I really like it for me but my
dad is gonna get it so there's this one
but I like this one even more look yeah
that's nice this one's actually nice it
has a basketball hoop right here wait -
should I get a matching one yeah that's
good I'll get I'll get it they have my
size - now we know where to go when it's
Bosley shopping speaking so Bosley after
you watch this video don't worry we got
a Bosley shopping spree coming soon we
know where to go bro now he's gonna know
Oh Bosley I'm just joking surprise he
needed I think that might be the end of
the shopping spree
I've never seen someone wanna leave a
free shopping to be so bad
my dad's exhausted probably working all
day I told my dad we could go to Gucci
so he could get some stuff but he said
he's just gonna steal them from Bryan
anyways so we're safe from the Gucci
store Melinda if I wasn't dying I will
go but I'll probably see you guys that
makes five years because shopping yeah
you're welcome
my dad deserves it and obviously thank
you to you guys because if it wasn't for
you guys watching my videos my dad's
video just supporting the family but
then I wouldn't be able to do something
like this so I hope to you guys thank
you so much that's the food stomach he
looks like my mom this is what my mom
comes to the mall to look like
so awkward so many people watching but
it's off
by Papa rug I was extremely happy to do
that for my dad like you guys know me I
love my family and my dad does so much
for me every single day so I'm really
happy I honestly thought my dad would be
shy and wouldn't really want to choose
too many things but my dad went all out
so that makes me even happier dad I hope
you enjoyed all your things we're
looking forward to how the Instagram
picture turns out one last time guys
thank you so much for everything cuz you
guys are the reason I'm able to do this
if it wasn't for you guys watching my
videos supporting me and my family then
I would never be able to do something
like this and I know that I keep that in
my head so thank you guys so much and I
love you for that
we got to get ready for Ali's Jorden
years slash LeBron year birthday I got
one two three four five six seven eight
okay and then what dance my doing what
about the fish sinking in the water oh
you'll see when that one comes I'll lead
just got to the mall birthday boy we're
about to see him and give him his gift
right now I'm excited Ollie I love you
bro
hopefully you get to what it is got
anything all he's gonna be with it's a
sneaker con New York
he knew about your poses we said that
right away thank you you've been playing
really bad at the gym weeks which I said
it might be the shoes what is this I
thought we were charged you're fair
charges left San Diego
being in a car with Ollie this is all he
listens to Simon Eyre lightly lightly
John John we just got here downtown San
Diego on Gail Holly's birthday gotta be
late you guys know me I'm a family and
friends man I love my family and I love
my friends just as much I've know not
least since kindergarten so we're about
to make this his best birthday ever book
isn't that crazy I've been best friends
with all these since kindergarten and
never had a fight or like a at least one
of the rules here exactly we like a fall
out whatever oh you're in the vlog
what's up hey daddy I'm gonna have a
good night tonight because I know my
dad's happy my dad's super happy I would
try do ever I can my sore back at the
club - how are you gonna dance like you
did last time you got a sore back
fingers so you guys didn't think all he
was about to go out like that did you
all these gotta go out and dance well I
don't know if anyone's ready bro Mel's
ready - he's all dressed and Romel what
outfit you popping out tonight the
sweats
bro your pants are falling why didn't
you bring a belt these pants are coming
off so doesn't move yeah - yeah although
you know what I mentioned in my vlog
we've all been friends for the longest
time and no fights no fall outs no
fights
oh look at the view beau this is sick oh
you got pickle Park right there where
the Padres play hey guys Randy's
showering and this curtain lay your
watch watch you got dancers and you got
music right and one sweet who's
interrupting - happy birthday we're
about to say heavy breathing oh my god
santa came early this year one two three
happy birthday
happy birthday baby I love you too bro
so much I love course hey Santa what can
I get for Christmas is it for Christmas
can I get the Phoenix Suns to win the
championship yeah five years that's
today I'll still be alive hold on
everybody she'll mom change yeah I like
this boss I like it
there's no way there's no way that's too
much swag oh yeah I swear 23 no that's
my Jordan you're welcome to it
hey turn around one time and I put your
hand on the hip there we go
hey where's Jay case J case welcome here
yeah until Jacobs we're not leaving we
heard who's here TJ case no it's not
Drake it's not in the broad James it's
friggin Jay case we're about to see a
Jay case with a money sign for the SGS
the vegan oh my god what I love it don't
turn the iPhone hey how was work yeah
well you guys left early I know
is I don't surround myself with people I
don't love hey everybody here I fucking
love you guys to death always you guys
thank you I swear I understand I love
you too I love you guys let's go baby
