lower back pain in my neck well I think
mine and your doesn't think you're
saying you're injured while playing
basketball does that make sense
oh like I'm not like playing I was just
watching I'm sweaty because the games
were so intense me Dennis and a couple
of our boys we all died in a car
accident where we got rear-ended really
hard bro we got blasted like we were
completely stopped and the car from
behind us wasn't stopping at all and
they just went at least 40 miles an hour
I don't know how much exactly but boom
into the backseat thank God we're not
seriously hurt but we all feel a little
something yes or an egg and lower back
so right now me Dennis and our boy
Justin are about to go get massages I
think they're gonna put us in the same
room oh all laugh I saw everyone the
same one in the front
I just cuz you have a handshake with
James yeah whoo she's in the front
oh I'm leaving in Israel I was gonna do
uh uh well my nigga still stay yeah my
negative oh you're here okay guys so
I've actually never gotten like a
professional massage but Jays gone at
plenty of times so you said we're gonna
all be in the same room yeah all three
of us I call him a nerd wait is it guys
or girls two guys in one girl's so who
gets the girl hey okay you want the girl
here since I sat in the front you could
get the girl hey so we doing whatever
massager to to our bro I gotta get my
game is that like seven o'clock I can do
to our massage it's tight yeah yeah was
it like hard playing basketball earlier
today I was running like me and Justin
guarded each other cuz we knew both of
us were hurt so we weren't yeah we
weren't trying we couldn't Dennis good
honestly yeah I think this massage is
needed we'll see how we feel
we'll update you guys after yeah well
what can we film during the massage but
are you taking us to this legal or no
I swear yeah but my feet are ticklish to
play massage no I'm a-tellin don't touch
my feet I don't know if that's my feet
no I'm not letting them do whatever they
because I know what they doing massage
place I'm not going to happen to me you
didn't put gel though yeah hey if J is
here isn't that nice it's cuz he doesn't
go to Paul the barber he goes to his own
whatever okay guys we're about to walk
in right now I've only seen and heard
about massage places in the movies not
in person
are you scared should we explain about
the car so they go so this is the hot
stone I don't I feel like it's gonna
burn my back should I do hot stone or no
it's hard is it really what I'm for
hands massage how do you do that to
girls together do much for me can I just
like back and Nick he's doing this so I
can say can I get foot massage without
the foot touch the foot that's like
saying can I get a bacon burger with no
big yeah really
give me a towel at least it feels like
I'm waiting to go into like a dentist or
something I don't know look she said I
know but we could say in Hunter bucks
wait hey what did she say hey did she
say two girls one guy right okay who
gets the guy hey I know but someone's
gonna pop up in the red curtain she said
take everything off and hang it on my
engine for me no I'm gonna please I'm on
and if they walk in and say take off
your boots then I'll take them off
so Dennis dick self is brief but he
won't take off his socks white they use
oil and stuff yeah why are you sure oh
yeah I gotta take my clothes off guys
hold on you guys going to sleep okay
here's the plan
don't take your briefs off but if they
come in and say wait we said you have to
get fully naked then we go make yourself
before now don't take them off six and a
half hours later we were laughing the
whole time I don't think we're ever
allowed back in both a massage
everything from my fingertips to my
freakin toenails box
yeah hurt at one point she took her
elbow and was literally digging into my
back and I kept moving it she was like
oh okay and I don't want to yeah I don't
want to look like cause like yeah I'm
good but in reality I was dying I liked
it wait let me see my face oh I'm
looking better this guy kept making me
laugh I'm not gonna say the stories he
was saying and then the guy put me in
like three head logs every time I looked
at James getting abused so this right
now is the last game of our season we
wait we make the playoffs we lose but
our season's over
I've been waiting and waiting for this
moment like I don't know if I've ever
been this ready to play a basketball
game this is by far obviously the most
important game of the season I mean how
much more important can again you wait
you're in you lose you go home
you're done I'm going to try my absolute
best I'm literally going to give my all
out there and I'm going to do whatever
it takes to help my team win this game
there's just no way that I see an
opportunity I'm making the playoffs and
I'm not gonna take it there's just no
way there's no way I'm gonna let my team
lose this game I don't care I will do
whatever it takes before the season
started I made one promise to all you
guys watching right now I promise that
my team would make the playoffs I made
that promise and here we are now last
game and you know I don't I don't want
to see you in talking anymore I want to
go play the game it's time to get our
team into the playoffs these types of
games separate which players are
actually good at basketball and which
players choke under pressure it's easy
to do good in anyway
a game with no pressure but it's these
types of games that have so much
pressure that I feel like exposes the
bad basketball players and show through
the real good basketball players ourself
today we're gonna find out you know
which team is ready for the playoffs you
know which players are ready for the
spotlight and which ones are still kind
of like we can't do good under pressure
so we'll see what happens guys I hope my
team gets its victory and I'm ready for
this game guys so I hope you guys are
twos we're starting off with four people
are you starting out before
there we go
hate that here we go keep hitting that
there we go
there we go and go back to Beth
all you match that
whether we're playing with four players
and then one of their players was going
back and forth well they did the other
one was like playing over there
there we go
there we go
take over Oh Mel
there we go
little flop takeover
Hey I don't know if I recorded that
pull this bullshit they are my mom
freezes to death in game
would you drop no guys I'm extremely
happy I had 28 but there's no time to
talk right now because we're about to
play another games
not my team just means cuz my boys need
one more player and I'm right here
anyway so I'm about to go play I'm not
gonna lie I'm a little tired from
playing this game but there's a reason
that we got massages but massage should
help you play the second game and I'm
ready guys I'm just happy we won the
first one okay no more talking here we
go man we did it I'm so proud of my
teammates I'm freakin high not just
excited I'm high you guys know me I love
basketball so so much and so once I've
heard that you know if we win that game
we would make the playoffs in my head
there was just no way that I would let
my team lose that game but hats off to
my teammates my teammates freakin played
amazing not just this past game but the
whole entire season we battled for
versus fire you had to play some parts
of the game with only four players and
but at the end of the day we made the
playoffs it wasn't easy but hey we're
ending you don't make the playoffs with
hopes of losing in the playoffs not you
make the playoffs with one ball and one
goal only and that is to win the
championship
it's hard not to be smiling right now
before the season started I made one
promise to you guys all you guys that
are subscribed to my channel all you
guys have follow me I made one problems
and that was that my team was going to
make the playoffs and here we are 10
weeks later 10 games later my team is in
the playoffs guys I'm extremely tired
after that game and then I played
another game at Sur and you know my neck
is all sore my back is all sore but the
adrenaline and the excitement right now
is just keeping me going so I hope you
guys enjoyed this video I hope you
enjoyed watching that game we got that
link for you guys just remember we got
that win for you guys and I hope you
guys are excited for the playoffs just
as much as I am other than that guys
drop a like on this video if you did
enjoy subscribe to the channel if you
are new term post certifications offer
regular videos every single day I'm
Brandon aka paratus and just remember I
love you guys all so much and I can't
wait for the playoffs let's win the
championship together not just me not
just my teammates about all of us
together alright I'll see you guys next
time
