what is going on Brandon here hey
everyone its and today i am bringing you
guys a brand new video so i woke up this
morning and what's today
I think it's December 7th December 8th
it's sometime in December and you guys
all know what that means christmas is
coming up and so i looked around my room
and i don't know I feel like I'm missing
something maybe the Christmas tree maybe
some Christmas lights Christmas
decorations this is the first Christmas
I'm having where I moved out alone every
other Christmas I've been with my family
and there's always lies and decorations
and Christmas treats so I feel like now
it's up to me to get this done so let's
go ok guys so we have all the Christmas
trees right here so many options we got
all the lights along the wall over there
I need some help picking this out it's
too hard to pick it by myself so 3 2 1
she did it wrong 3 2 1 okay so I came
Christmas tree shopping with Emily and
we're about to pick out a Christmas tree
and some lights first of all she wanted
to get a real tree but it smell like
pine cone and you have to set up a fake
tree so I say to get that one it says
wait oh it says six feet tall how's this
okay yeah Devin Booker is six foot six
so I guess this makes sense but this one
already comes with lights so we don't
have to set that up so I guess which one
you want you want a gallery oh oh this
one comes with lights to quality or
quantity either three someone's quality
so three small ones or one regular size
one quality
okay fine we what if they're still down
hopefully whatever but this is all they
have left
I swear they only have one guys I think
they only have white ones left
how about this daily Ben and the tube
girlie Christmas tree this will be green
I'll know what this fake stuff is look
the 3-pack we could put one in the
kitchen one in the living room and one
in the bathroom so while you take a
shower no she's gonna have to look it to
look in the bag new Star Wars I've
actually never seen a Star Wars movie in
my life I've been on the ride oh look
tell me there's a like spongebob it's
shocking what is that it's like John
what are they missing a back about a
soda will get it asking the back for
that okay you pick one I'll pick one
what do you like is this even gonna feel
on the cheap I put this on the trees two
things I know it's gonna take it down
they have a be for Brandon
the cameraman is pointing at this one so
are you sure okay one be eight imma be
eight I won't be why it's nice okay go
go be a just for that
cameraman okay you want to decorate the
whole tree you cameraman it might take
you a couple years it's a nineteen
nineteen feet that's three Devin Booker
hey she's a liar she's imply you okay he
asked them for a tree and they didn't
have any more big ones I tried so we
have to go with the me we have Emily's
Yoda ornament a beef a pickle and three
if it's true shake the camera it's know
yo guys
don't get me wrong I love this car it's
a beautiful car but there's one problem
the trunk space look look at this okay
let's see if we could even see it hey
where's my pickle so if you go to the
beach you can't even put a beach
umbrella in your heart you can't even
put a beach towel we talked about
hey behind the ear or over the year hey
let me see over do one of each one
behind one over
yeah like that we need Dennis right here
there's just an empty seat okay guys so
me and Emily were putting up the mini
Christmas trees I guess or not even
putting up just unfolding them and we
got a little bored so we decided that we
were gonna do a Q&A for you guys tweet
it out hey guys you asked me and trust
me you guys had a lot of questions to
ask one of them was uh kinda asked more
than the others and then we decided
we're gonna answer two questions made up
by each other so are you ready yes I'm
sorry you just came out with a lot of
energy in us already okay try having a
lot of energy right now are you ready
energy than what you had before okay one
more time are you ready
no you have to scream it's okay I know
there's neighbors and stuff but it's for
you too so okay are you ready I'm ready
okay that's solid that's for your second
YouTube video that's good enough
so got the first question that we got
from you guys was Randy and Emily how
long have you guys known each other so
we've known each other for six years
yeah we met in high school and we've
kept a constant friendship throughout
you know ever since high school until
now you know we're growing up and we're
adults now but we still keep in touch so
so the answer is six years second
question that we got from you guys and I
think this question was probably asked
five million times yeah we kind of have
to answer this one the question was
Brandon and Emily are you guys dating
the answer to that is no and a lot of
people will probably think that because
our first video together was a prank
where she pretended to be my girlfriend
so if you guys didn't really watch the
video then I guess you could confuse it
that we're dating or something
Brandon Emily are you guys dating no
we're just good friends
so on okay okay there so she knew two
questions little dish you know there's
one question I'm about to ask her so
Emily I got this one on my own but um
who's your favorite basketball team I
mean before you answer it just know like
there might be consequences depending on
the answer but no you can answer
truthfully okay honestly I don't have
when I'm with Brandon please no no no no
when I do right hand you go this hit
like this no but I mean left-handed
ringing no I did you what was that okay
so you're pretty much yeah okay that's
that's all I needed to know so these
last two questions guys these on were
thought up by me and Emily's this is my
okay
okay so if there was a zombie apocalypse
and you can only save one person in the
world who would it be okay how is that
fair I can't so so you pretty much asked
me to pick between my mom and dad and
then you asked me to leave Brian on the
side and let Brian get you invite
zombies and then you asked me to let
Bosley go away and get eaten by zombies
I'm a family guy I don't know who the
pig I think my mom dad Brian I'm balling
put into one okay who would you pick you
have a sister you're writing your race
so who would you pick I would pick my
mom my dad my but you said Wow
okay okay then I'll be all my uncles all
my art my grandma he said what okay
answer that question honestly I guys
just just my family I mean I can't pick
one there's just no way the other
question we were gonna ask two things oh
you like don't you like about what are
two things that random you like about
Emily and Emily what are two things that
you like about women okay well I like
how Brandon is really good at basketball
into one of this games and I mean if he
scored the most points and he's really
fast so I think what I like about Emily
the first thing that like pops out on me
is you know her hair like this you
actually just got a haircut I know you
guys can know this so the hair is thing
number one but we said two things so
Emily what's your second thing the
second thing I like about you is your
beard in your mustache beard and stuff
bearded massage it took me a long time
to go this I appreciate the answer yeah
well my first picture so you send me
okay okay fine fine fine insert a
picture of Brandon in high school the
second thing I like about Emily um
I mean I'll have to go with personality
it's great personalities amazing I like
it here for now that you like basketball
skills and my facial hair I like your
personality too
uh uh you only saying that cuz I said it
oh he's funny smile nine five we
interrupt this program or this video
just so I can make one quick
announcement I just want to let you guys
know don't forget to check out
tomorrow's video we have our last
basketball game of the season tonight
and for those who don't know it's win or
go home baby if we win we're in the
playoffs but if we lose goodbye our
seasons over and so the game's gonna be
crazy and whatever happens win or lose
I'm gonna upload the game tomorrow so
our game is tonight I can't wait I wish
it was right now I swear if it was right
now it'd have been so happy obviously
the biggest game of the season there's
so much pressure but if you guys know me
I will not let my team lose this game
there's no way I'm letting my team
losing I don't know guys so if we win we
make the playoffs and then next week is
the playoffs from the championship but
if we lose we're done we're out so don't
forget to check that video out tomorrow
and I can't wait for the game but for
now okay guys I think that's enough
questions that we answered for you guys
this Q&A was highly awaited I guess a
bunch of people ever since we made our
first video I've been tweeting me and
tweeting me a bunch of questions so I
said you know what Emily let's just give
them what they want and you guys along
the Q&A so I hope you guys did enjoy
this video drop a like a few day job
like if you learned something know about
it subscribe to this channel if you are
new term post notifications on for brand
new videos every single day other than
that guys I'm Brandon I'm Emily we're
out peace thanks for watching fibre wads
one
is the lighting good first of all when
she no that's far enough
no we'll all do okay please don't don't
teach me well it shows like a little
flash I don't don't teach me okay you
got one of these why you laugh
