2017 Jeep Grand Cherokee 75th
anniversary edition I think this is
Dennis's car guys and know I'm not just
standing here being a creep
filming Dennis's car well I kind of am
especially if this car sees me that's
probably what they are thinking right
now
oh they saw me first of all Danny the
carwash grows because this is disgusting
it's dirtier than Bosley bro and that's
saying something because Bosley let me
tell you guys Bosley is dirty but Bosley
I love that guy I swear I love that dog
that's my best friend but that's beyond
my point like I said I'm not just
sitting here recording Dennis's car
being a creep for no reason I'll explain
what I'm doing when I get upstairs but
uh yeah just take a good look at this
car Jeep Grand Cherokee 2017 75th
anniversary edition and remember it
because it's gonna play a huge part in
what's coming up in this video
yo guys yo guys
yo guys so yo guys so black guys
yo guys so like I said when I was down
stick downstairs where we was like
downstairs I wasn't down see oh I see
that yo guys like I said when I was by
Dennis's car I told you that I wasn't
filming the car for no reason there's a
big reason why I was filming the car and
if you guys want to know why all you
have to do is smash that like button and
subscribe to this channel if you aren't
new all you got to do is like this video
and subscribe to my channel and honestly
even if you hate me and even if you
don't want to like the video even if you
don't subscribe to the channel i'ma tell
you guys anyways so earlier today I was
on a call with my manager about my tour
which is starting in just a couple
months for those who don't know Dennis
and my manager were pretty much the
people who set up this whole tour like
my manager came up with the idea but
Dennis was on it with him Dennis pretty
much set up a majority of my tour and I
can't even thank him enough
dennis has been on the phone with my
manager for hours and hours and hours
while I've been working on my videos and
not just that those of you who know
Dennis whether it's just from the camera
from the videos or in real life know
that Dennis has a huge heart Dennis
never ever puts himself first he always
puts other people before him and Dennis
does a lot for me I've mentioned this in
many videos before yes I may have bought
Dennis's apartment but sometimes money
is not everything Dennis does a lot for
me in my opinion dennis has gave me much
more than I have ever given him it's not
always about the money and so today I
sat back and I started thinking about
everything and I felt like I wanted to
do something very very nice for Dennis
so Dennis pays I'd say about six to
seven hundred dollars a month for his
car you know Dennis has to be bougie you
didn't get the regular edition he got
the 75th anniversary edition and you
know he still had a long way to go to
pay this car off years and years and
years payments and payments and payments
every single month almost $1,000 a month
what I'm about to tell you guys very
very exciting at least from me and it's
actually pretty emotional because
growing up and you know a couple years
ago I would never ever ever
I'll be able to do something like this
for my best friend but uh pretty much
what I did was I got a lot of what I
needed to get ahold of to make this
happen and I pretty much paid Dennis's
car off there is no more payments do no
more $700 a month no more none of that
Dennis's car right now is fully paid off
and Dennis has no idea and did this all
behind his back it was earlier today and
I didn't even know how to tell him so
right now it is about 1:00 in the
morning it's really really late
Dennis is probably sleeping I don't know
what he's doing playing for a night or
something but I'm gonna go in there and
I'm gonna ask Dennis login to your car
payment website really quick I want him
to log in when he makes his payments
usually because he pays it over the
phone and usually it says like 600 or
700 dollars do but this time when he
logs in it's gonna say $0 do there's
nothing dude not just this month ever
and I want to see how Dennis reacts
Dennis when you watch this video bro
thank you so much for everything you do
for me like I mentioned earlier it's not
always about the money you could look
back at how much money and I spell and
you compare how much money you spent on
me but it's not always about that you
helped me out in many many ways that you
know money can't even cover and you're
just always there for me but I always
have somebody to talk to no matter what
it is whether I'm feeling down when I'm
feeling up happy sad mad upset no matter
what no matter how I feel you're always
there you're always there for me I
always feel like I got somebody to talk
to and I can tell you anything at any
time so thank you bro and I hope you're
excited you know no more car payments on
to you guys I want to give a huge thank
you to you guys a really really big
thank you from the bottom of my heart
because like I said growing up as a kid
or even just a couple years ago I never
ever ever would have thought I would be
able to you know pretty much by my best
friend his car and not just that I don't
know if you guys remember but last year
I actually was able to get Jackie her
dream car and if it wasn't for you guys
watching these videos and just giving me
all the support that you guys do none of
this would be possible so yeah I have to
sit here and be like Oh Dennis here you
go bro I paid for your car but in
reality it's you guys so thank you guys
so much I freaking love you
I really really do appreciate all the
support you guys show me and I never
ever ever forget that if it wasn't for
you guys none of this would ever be
possible enough talking Brandon I said
what I had to say Dennis I love you like
a brother bro and I'm about to walk into
your room have you logged into your car
payment website and you see how you're
going to react so I'm excited I'm not
gonna lie I'm nervous I don't know why
I'm nervous I just feel like I
butterflies in my stomach but let's just
see how this reacts guys okay guys I'm
making my way over to Dennis's room I'm
super super nervous I don't even know
why I'm nervous but I am and were all
hopefully he's naked what a mess you get
on me from my room being messy no it was
clean I just opened this okay and my
room was clean too but i just opened a
couple of things - you're not gonna ask
why I'm vlogging at this time
camera is always down hot ok well it's
for a good reason that's how I'm gonna
say I gotta set the camera up okay you
okay oh my god no turn the camera off
and then go in my room that's what you
want I'm ugly Dennis oh no I'm glad
you've been calling me ugly and like
call me dumb ass on camera because I
swear guys people think I'm the mean one
and dennis is a nice one no I need you
guys to see Dennis's true colors he's
the mean one
okay I'm gonna ask Dennis just don't
touch my head you saw what happened
yesterday at the game it hurts it's
bruised it's swollen in pain so just
please don't touch the hip Dennis I'm
not gonna put your head Dennis I'm not
gonna put your head no cuz I know you
you always like to touch me listen are
you gonna be cooperative or no okay okay
listen I'm gonna need you to follow
these steps please take your phone out
okay the phones out I want you to like
tell the camera like are you nervous or
not nervous but like what do you think
is going on I walked in here I regular
do you think I know I like the video
wonderful morning like after you hold
your phone out set the camera what do
you think is I don't hear at least you
know this isn't a prank cuz the cameras
right here yeah oh you wouldn't try to
be smart with a different thing I'm
telling you straight up it's not a prank
I'm tell you straight up it's a prank
okay okay now please open the screen and
open Safari if you don't want me to get
the Safari I won't look just clear
whatever you have and it goes thank God
oh oh I've seen that so we have seen
going no I've seen that though really
that's a good one - good choice here
okay go oh hey no what do you do all day
today okay
- okay go to the gonna have Safari I do
have a surprise but I did not hear from
okay go to uh how do I say this can you
go to the website way you usually pay
your car okay okay well I'm gonna get
your car no better you weird no make no
you know maybe you gotta pay your car
payment Leo otherwise when you wait till
the end of the month okay log in log
into anything
don't worry have no you bastard you want
me to go again you're not gonna have
sign all your password you know my
social you know my password isn't it
okay I'll let you press enter hold on it
don't wreck it don't really have the
passwords and usernames in just don't
press ENTER yet okay hold on press enter
press enter whenever you want to look at
the screen next do payment Wednesday
zero zero dollars all right for the
month did you already pay this month
from last month no that's a zero dollars
for this month
did you already tell you I don't think
so right but don't tell me you paid this
month why did you pay my month you know
it said zero dollars right did you pay
my monthly rent this month
you're right why would you do that oh
I've been thinking about you doing a lot
for me all the cause of my pension
wait does this app show like future
months are the only one month you can go
to this thing like it shows total Rishel
here p mainstream if you want to
laugh and if you want to look at the
payments are you good let's just say
this would be a very very big chunk of
money that has gone through that baby
anything that you just to go again is
just go go to the baby history
what did you do then what is this okay
listen
weather what did you do listen your car
right now it is still your car your car
a hundred percent paid for as of today
no one knew who do you think Devin
Booker no it was me danny's Jenna Jenna
your God as no more money dude you can
drive it whenever wherever all that and
you never have to pay for it again it's
done all your monthly payments no more
why would you do that
Deniz how did you do that how did you
didn't don't worry about that we can
talk about that way no I'm not you're
not doing that damn it I know I knew it
I knew he wasn't gonna let I do he
wasn't gonna let no I swear every person
is you what are you gonna do but here
you can't follow me and say well I don't
want to pay my car they're not gonna
believe you that someone paid it all
wait okay right I feel like you're
messing with me okay you know me I do a
lot of pranks but this is not something
I'm Frankie there's nothing how a joke
about money and stuff like that doesn't
implement loans my mom no she's looking
at picture what do you mama did together
yeah I paid your car it's George you
deserve it look I know I belong why
would you do that is Bo you helped me
out a long no I'm not
we're gonna call them hey hot dogs or
any gun that was good
okay what are you tell him hey someone
take my contact Martin I don't want to
debate so take it back they're gonna say
brawl you're on drugs
just take the carpet well I'm like my
head like got my energy to keep it short
simple you know you do a lot for me not
just like everything on camera that's
good wait but you're not banging on my
car follow pennies it's the least I
could do trust me I don't know I just
feel like this is something I could help
you out with and it's good I know you
don't want to take it out be the same
way as you but it's all good then it's
driving wherever you want drive it
whenever you want
don't worry about anything you don't
worry about any of the month payments or
anything like that it's good okay
I'm gonna grind stock that is doable and
mix that building to Chicago okay
all right now I swear I'm pretty shot
are you crying without bail to cry
let's sleep on without the cried you
cried for his autograph burns daddy I
love you bro I love you daddy
I'm not crying for your camera I don't
know if I'm laughing crying at this
point I've known a lot of people in my
life I have a lot of people that are
close to me but to be honest that it's
nobody does what you do for me
I don't know I just feel like I can tell
you anything at any time and you
help me out on this we walk right ain't
not only thank me but thank them if it
wasn't for them I swear none of this
would be possible look guys look at this
moment that me and Emmett are sharing
right now if it wasn't for you guys I
swear it would it be possible so don't
ever underestimate how much your support
means to me like whenever you're sitting
there just watching the video and you
guys might think oh hey I'm watching a
video wahoo
no look what it could do this is what it
could do so to everybody that watches my
videos consistently to everybody that
supports me thank you so much because
look at this guys like these are moments
that me and Emmett are never gonna
forget this is a moment that I do not
explain it words can't explain it this
is all thanks to you guys I freaking
love you guys so so much the tears are
gone I know you want to wipe the tears
any last words before we end this video
and I can say to prank I'm just jogging
I'm just jogging I'm just joking I think
then the tears would turn into tears of
disappointment angry do it do it just do
it no I don't think you've ever done it
on camera
just do it he does this every night guys
it's nice fault though
but people upstairs make so much noise I
don't understand Oh today it's fine
Dennis hey I got you apartment talk to
me hey I got you a car this is the least
I could do bro and from now on don't
ever think we're driving my ia cuz
you're driving everywhere from now on
bro
everywhere trust me
that's why I hate crying I'm so lost
after I cry I don't know why I am what
burns worth you crying right now or when
you ate the chicken wing and the mild
sauce spilled in your eye earlier yeah I
could tell it's about thank you so much
for watching today's video I hope you
guys enjoyed it's like a big deal I
never would have thought be able to do
this like I said growing up and as a kid
I never ever would have thought be able
to do this so thank you guys
I don't know drop a like on this video
if you what are you doing there is
pinching myself oh I remember when you
said you want me to turn the camera off
and leave the room way before all this
no joke oh you're a joke yeah I know you
were pranking me right yeah yeah drop a
like on this video if you did enjoy
subscribe to the channel if you are new
other than that guys Brandon here aka
April waters I love each and every
single one of you guys like I said a
million times in this video I'm out I
swear I feel like I'm gonna do nicely I
love you guys all
and I love Brandon am I getting to we
hugs I was bad you haven't started the
kissing no no six and a half hours later
I mean I know I surprised you with the
car payment everything but this is a
really mean you gotta sleep at my place
what yeah I think you love me too much
now brought hey I least if you're gonna
spend the night why can't you just spend
the night in my room you know I see what
say I'm not gonna show it though
guys my room is a huge mess yeah I
shouldn't huh god just no my room is a
huge mess right now
so message to the point where Dennis
couldn't even fit his mattress in there
eh-oh instead of me sleeping on my bed
why don't we just have a sleepover on
the metal enema sleep are you well first
you forced me to sleep in here what I
know I want to go on your mattress no
okay you caught me I did tell things to
sleep in here
you never ever find the right word and
there's no way this is real life there's
no telling you're the right girl so I
can only say that it feels no that's not
fair what do you have to expose me I
said that you moved your matches in here
because you were so happy about the
qartheen
