Hey JK's away I can zoom in front camera
stick your head out the window if you're
a real one stick your head out the
window if you're a real one anyways guys
right now we're about to go see a doctor
boy Dennis can I just ask how
comfortable is it back there so cool is
it really it looks like you came and put
your head's my head's on the roof swap
spots Globo JK's come from a massage
chair on a more serious note we're about
to go see a doctor and go get checked
out because yesterday I felt normal I
felt good there was no pain and then
when I woke up today I don't know why
but my neck felt really really tight and
my lower back feels sore and the cops
said that happened they said sometimes
you don't feel pain for two days so
we're about to all get checked out in my
neck is so stir did you get your flu
shot yet oh by the way guys this guy is
supposed to be a two-seater so Dennis
I'm sorry for putting you in the bag but
it's Jai's money they want to drive six
and a half hours later
I'm gonna grow hey no you're not putting
then why have it yo guys saw the way at
the doctor's was how long an hour and a
half yeah he's nice
Dennis I could see you wearing those at
least you'd be wearing something
different for a change
Oh Santa I have one wish is it my turn
okay Santa all I want for Christmas is
the Phoenix Suns to win a championship
oh no no no source one I can I do that
please what I do Santa okay Santa I'm
gonna give you one last chance I want to
ask you are you gonna make the suns win
a championship or no no no that's fine
just don't ever come to me when you need
something trust me really bad like a
week but it's been like all steady like
three or four weeks it's been a while
the other thing was that we we like got
a car accident a couple of days ago and
then I or two days ago I didn't really
feel anything yesterday and then today
when I woke up my neck is just like
really sick
I tried wearing a Billy I can't breathe
bitch weird once he got his coffee
mm-hmm I got like one but it's mines I'm
like kids like I don't ever had like
attacking all the attention no I'm just
saying it like got it from you you
shouldn't get a free checkup you're
gonna have a same thing
Doris do you weigh 140 okay guys so
we're waiting for the doctor to show up
right now but you just try to take the
attention for no reason what are you
marrying the girl no I'm just
anyway you know I don't know I think I
have bronchitis so we'll see what the
doctor says hey I love when the doctor
asks how tall and it's always when I
make myself taller
today was the coffee going off in three
weeks just not going away yeah
are you out today with your shots and
then you were in a car accident two days
ago yeah
what happened so we just got really
different about but right after happened
we didn't feel anything
probably the adrenaline or whatever yeah
and then the next day like when I woke
up this morning it was just like super
stiff from the car behind us
because I'm pretty fast to at least
forty so how about we get some x-rays
chest x-ray because the call for three
weeks neck extra is just because of the
garnet hopefully we don't see anything
but we checked and then we'll go from
there okay both in that's good
well it's a picture
no we do it over there unless you tell
yourself they can be in there - okay
guys so we came to CBS to pick up my
medicine really quick I got prescribed
codeine I'm just joking guys I got
prescribed pain medication for my neck
and then I got prescribed something for
my cough for too much medicine I don't
like doing that Danny why on the car
just tell me Dennis oh so you're only my
friend to use me for my medicine I don't
know like Tenergy
you minded will touch the whole tray
with your hands and then take one yeah
that's just cheese there's no meat guys
he's vegetarian there's what I call
myself a true friend I love chicken
quesadilla but I knew that Justin was
gonna get hungry and share with me
because by the time we were out the
hospital and we have to wait so I
ordered cheese quesadilla so we could
both eat hey EJ how big of a liar is he
who's lying hey he's not lying oh yeah
you know me that if I love chicken and
steak
okay don't you have me I mean anything
you will I appreciate it
Cheers - oh I give you sauce - yeah you
basically touch his lips I swear on my
life I'm not giving you a ride home Oh
someone please explain it so out of all
my friends Jay thinks my lips are like
like another nice badge okay
you're lookin in mine bro but I'm upset
just cut he really spit it out they're
gonna touch my lips I'm not even the
same Jay there's a theory he thinks I
eat both that's not true I start on zero
guys if you wonder why I'm extremely
happy excited I just got a text from the
manager of our basketball league and he
actually told us that if we win our next
game we would make the playoffs yeah I
didn't tell ya if we will chance there
was no chance I don't know what happened
but the leader who told me that like due
to the tiebreakers and like just a bunch
of different circumstances that happen
if we win our next egg work in the
freakin playoffs so that like how do you
know that yeah I didn't know that either
- like a couple minutes ago Dennis oh my
gosh so I'm ready act like the game is
today it's not even today but I still
freaking ready so but look at me
antennas found some of you guys might
know what this is and some of you don't
stop onesie guys this thing is evil I do
to you Dennis I will punch you the
finger just do it okay have fun so for
those who know what this is you know how
it feels for those who don't know what
it is guys this then is just kick I
don't know her oh my guys if you've
never felt this you're gonna think we're
crazy go go the Gatorade bottles up off
the shelf and they're things like this
sometimes ice cream
yeah put on the screen right here okay
you know what this time I'm gonna let it
go all the way down okay what are you
good to do you buy the raw egg
what if you don't okay would you like it
medium get this out of my house is worse
than a Ouija board bro I mean that in my
house okay egg
hold on give me a second hon hon bro I
have an offer for you
where's the ear is the e you're not
buying it E where's the egg okay just
pretend this s eat how about side of
binding wrong I just bought the letter E
except the same you know what if I buy
EG g wrong paris is lose ask about the
egg okay time you want to go
yes that's like three not one okay
that's our first one okay guys so I won
one more it's over yeah I've never done
before
oh is this like when you buy a
watermelon you have to shit like tap it
to hear hey I want to practice and give
me a little look at the camera when you
bite it buddy potato chip it's not
supposed to crack that easily broke
usually what I bought it takes me like
like a lot of tries and this guy bend it
like a chip you went like this um guys
you don't understand how happy I was to
get that text from the basketball league
because before the season started I made
a promise to all you guys that my team
would make the playoffs and so when we
lost our last game and our playoff hopes
we're done I felt like such a failure I
was like damn I really made a promise to
2.5 million people and I couldn't keep
it so I felt super down on myself I felt
like a failure so now that I get a text
from the league saying that we actually
have a chance to make the playoffs we
just have to win our last game it
freaking it's like someone just gave me
a second chance right in front of my
eyes and if you guys know me you guys
know there's no way I will let this
chance go there's just no way so I can't
wait for the game I wish I wish I wish
the game was today I don't want right
now played but we gotta wait I'm so
happy I don't even care go you know what
I'm not even taking any of my medicine
okay
nevermind I changed my mind I'm not
taking the medicine I have to take the
medicine right now actually ice in the
car crash the car accident and first and
foremost me and Dennis just want to
thank you guys for all the support that
we got thank you guys so much for that
we appreciate it
I think yesterday during the car crash
we didn't really feel anything because
there was too much adrenaline in our
body and just like the situation was it
was just so crazy so we weren't feeling
the pain and then when I woke up and
especially when I tried to play
basketball me and my friends we all felt
like a bunch of pain so but they took
x-rays of my neck and my chest and they
just told me to take these pills so I
have these for the pain in my neck and
if you keep up with my videos you know
that I've had like a really bad call for
the past couple weeks and she said that
the contacts who worse than my neck or
my lower back she said the cough could
actually be really bad so they gave me
some strong medication I don't know if
I'm gonna take all day because I don't
like taking too much medicine but I
can't sleep ever out and I recently and
it's just it's been going on for like a
month now so hopefully this medicine
takes care of a trick yeah that's pretty
much the end of this video I'm sorry
that I couldn't get a more entertaining
type of video out for you guys we just
we had a lot to do and trust me I wanted
to do something more fun more crazy more
entertaining but today what its kind of
taken up by the hospital visit and I
hope you guys don't mind either way I
still hope you guys enjoyed this video
drop a like on this video if you enjoyed
subscribe to this channel if you are new
other than that guys Brandon here aka
robotics because I have a really really
important basketball game tomorrow
Dennis thanks well support reality we're
reading home then Dennis and I'm out
we're out guys peace
