hey everyone's okay though right good
Dennis you did so we were driving right
now to get something to eat really quick
we got real Andy and it's actually
really hard though it was the hardest
crash I've been a part of you so there's
a car turning right and then we slowed
down because it was making a right turn
and we got it hate from the band their
car is like super messed up I don't even
think they're causing a sorrow you have
to come yeah police is coming right now
that was crazy I've never been a part of
a crash that hard us through you were
sitting in the back and we just got like
hit a tailbone yeah we got blasted yeah
cuz all he was in the front and it was
yeah turn it off well just in case we
got blasted from the back but their car
is messed up I feel bad it's like
driving thankfully everybody's okay
though not just from us from them
because we were super worried that
people were gonna be hurt so thank God
everyone's okay that's all that matters
honestly but the cops are on the way
right now to try to settle this down try
to direct traffic damn I feel bad for
them like I know was their fault but
it's still like I feel bad everyone's
okay hey you know what's so the car that
turned right and like caused all this
didn't even stop or say like they did it
like at least stop deceives people are
okay or stop to see what happened maybe
someone should have been really hurt
they just left they they took off I
don't know it's late right now guys it's
like it's like almost midnight or 11
p.m. we were just going to get some food
my back my lower back
well so the other drivers I was in the
other cars getting checked out right now
hopefully she's okay she told us she was
okay so hopefully there's nothing wrong
with her that goes for all the
passengers so the cops showed up now
they're directing traffic guys I'm like
in shock I've never been in something
this bad I just I feel bad for the other
car though
and if you just from you other time roll
monk came to check on his boys right now
so nice bow
that's here I was terrified yeah it was
pretty bad recently I was sitting in the
back on the left side behind the door
yeah behind the driver not the lower
back is a little sore but it's nothing
too serious can you tell me pretty much
there was a car yeah there was a car
going right and so we were slowing down
and before you know it was just
we've got hit from the back pretty hard
okay guys so most important thing dennis
was a driver as long as he's okay you
good yeah yeah that's what I'm saying
like you never know what could happen we
were just driving normal about to go get
food and then before you know it
yeah we're just talking like before you
know it boom and then I don't know it's
just crazy guys life is it's crazy
things could happen at literally any
second so just be careful no matter what
you're doing always stay safe always
some things are out of your control like
this we didn't know what was gonna
happen we had no idea some things just
happen out of your control you just
gotta try your best to stay safe always
okay guys so they got a tow truck now
they're gonna have to tow her car away
again I feel really bad for her hey
Dennis your car isn't getting towed
right
if I got this still drives he doesn't
have to get it towed he just has to get
it fixed but her car can't drive anymore
it's like completely done Ollie this is
not the top all these wild all these
crazy look how hard he looks
put the hood halfway on that's hit a
good one take it good one good good my
mom's gonna be so worried I need to call
my mom right now and my dad too
I'll show the street well no that's a
part of this flawed heart guys I just
want to say I've lived here pretty much
my whole life this is the main street
that everybody drives on these are my
boys Jordan and Ollie behind the camera
and I just want to say that I've never
been able to just like touch this street
boa this street is so famous like the
street is legendary to us but we've
never just been able to scan here like
this
all free ok guys so we all feel okay
right now there's obviously some
soreness you know neck and lower back so
we thought we were good but then you
have you know dr. oli right here with
some news for us so I've been involved
in an accident before and I got hit
rear-ended identical to what happened
tonight and I was fine after I didn't
feel no pain but when I woke up in the
morning I had really bad neck pain like
whiplash and it was bad to the point for
like a week that my neck was flexing and
tell them what you couldn't do for three
days I couldn't play basketball I
couldn't play basketball and my neck was
constantly flexing the whole time but I
didn't feel they got in the accident so
I hope we don't get it he's pretty much
saying we might feel good right now but
don't don't judge your injury till the
next day so I'll let you guys know hey
so you know what that means we all have
to sleep together so we can judge the
injuries tomorrow yes you guys have no
choice everyone sleeping in my plane so
you can sleep in my bed roll you down
okay guys so I know this is bad and it's
unfortunate that it happened but at the
end of the day we're so lucky that it it
wasn't worse because for how fast they
were going and how hard they hit the car
it could have been much much worse for
everybody's we're actually pretty lucky
so always look at the positives always
and the positive is that we're just
lucky it wasn't too bad and everyone's
safe everybody's okay wait guys we just
found out dennis has to get his car
towed actually because the muffler's in
like it
yeah you see the middle that's supposed
to be issue not that close to the tire
issue the middle so dennis has to get
his car towed we got to find a way i'll
get back home damn that sucks I thought
Dennis's car was straight to drive but
we didn't notice that inside hey so
since we're not calling her uber the cop
was nice enough to say that he'll take
us in his car I'm high I don't think
anyone's ever been this happy to go on a
cop car when he said no cops though yeah
he said no handcuffs we asked him to put
us in handcuffs are you excited to go on
the court Dennis when the back of the
cop car he ended up in jail but he's
giving us a ride to the restaurant so
I'm excited guys I'll get some footage
in the back of a cop car
hey I heard people like throw up and
take pictures in the back of a cop car
oh yeah that's the cop insurance pay for
the food or about to eat okay no let's
don't see your course we're taking a
group picture right now hey let me just
say this
I know I know car accident is never a
good thing to do and you know you never
want to be a part of it but since it
didn't happen let me just say I would I
wouldn't want it to be with any of them
oh you ruined my set he ruined my moment
I was gonna say I wouldn't want to be
the car guys with anyone other than
these guys right here one two three Roma
you were in there but yeah rimmel came
from support Dennis hey they ruined my
moment I'll sing car crashes are never
fun but I experienced it with my boys
I've never been in a car crash like that
yeah this is so no handcuffs for the
picture thank you sir let's just say
this was all these idea to take the
picture for the call card not any of us
that's true that's true oh this would be
a good thumbnail hey I say aces from L
wasn't a part of the class he has to
take the picture he can't be in it
fine Romilda here guys I love my friends
we make the most out of any opportunity
no matter how negative
we're always positive guys
all right J cuz the seats are plastic
look out hey Dennis is this like your
tenth time getting in a car wash I feel
like I'm on cops reloading your doors
Dennis oh wait not a door hard and so
hard bro Oh Dave is like like you don't
fit in a cop car just cuz the vlog is on
I feel like I'm on cops and we're free
we're not going to jail I know this
sawdust a lesson hey listen now that no
one's here to ruin my moment I just want
to say what I was trying to say earlier
was that like obviously you never want
to be in a car crash but if it was
already gonna happen there's no other
people I'll share this memory with and
give me a hug
honestly we ride together we die
together bad boys for life oh oh the wet
one your hair smells pretty good though
thank you bro
they're close bro no the drive-thru is
open but why should we tell the cops to
take us to the drive-thru because he
already left
holy bro oh yeah he's nice okay guys
we're gonna attempt to make this work
okay
Oh Christmas is soon Santa I'm gonna
tell you what I want for yeah that's
true I'll just lay down but then can I
still tell Santa what I want you get
some I see are gonna all this so go all
the way down hold on hold on Dennis
don't just my son relax what Romel Josh
safe is Hill and Rome knowing Roma he's
gotta hit 100 miles per hour I'll call
the cop on you he's my boy now yeah he
gave me a ride and everything
your head's halfway out my head halfway
I thought is it roma I know there was
another way home you're going the bumps
where right now don't eat the bugs don't
know I know you bro you got it hey just
to let you know there was fifty other
ways to go back to the house and roam
Elster's but don't judge me I know this
is where all the bumps are I'm not
stupid I'm gonna get my whole life roma
roma roma roma roma robo that one done
get ready okay on the way back I don't
know Dennis where's your Facebook for
Christmas
the elves are gonna hear me for
Christmas bro we can't stay like this my
naked butt out for Christmas I want the
few cents to win a championship before I
die I can't do it why not that much
power
hey me and Dennis we're just thinking
about it
where were we right before we got into
accident you stopped somewhere you spent
a lot of money freaking out gasps he
fooled yes if Philadelphia's full gas
tank so what was your solution to all
this I'm gonna go get a hose and drain
it all out before they towed it Skaar
this guy wanted to drain out all the gas
and keep it in one of the red the red
gallons friends freakin gas so now it's
car got taken away and they took all
this gas that's not fair go okay guys so
you know what all he was saying about
how like at the time you don't really
feel anything and then the next day you
might feel something so last night
during the crash I didn't feel anything
maybe a little bit in my lower back
but that's it and today I woke up and my
neck is actually so stiff my lower back
is still whatever but my Meg it's like
all right here it's it's actually pretty
crazy and I have two basketball games
tonight so I don't know it's pretty bad
okay guys so we're here to close out
today's video first and foremost I just
want to say that I'm glad not only are
all my boys okay but even the people
that were involved in the crash from the
other side because car accidents are
never fun so as long as everybody was
okay that's main thing that mattered
it's such that both cars ended up
getting towed and you know the cops had
to come paramedics and all that but I
guess everything happens for a reason so
scared scary that we're all okay that's
the most important thing didn't you
yeah I'm just shocked really we were
just hanging out in the car all happy oh
yeah see that that's what I'll tell you
guys earlier in the video like you never
know what could happen like something
crazy could happen at any second and
it's out of your control so you gotta
always be careful on short live short
like there's a bunch people that could
get hand car accident just turn
everything negative and be Nadab move
but we just like turn the moon around we
gotta ride in the cop car we went out to
go eat take a family picture take a
picture from the cop car cuz all he
needs a picture we just make memories
that's what we do we make the most of
every situation so yeah I'm just glad
everyone's okay I hope you guys I guess
enjoy or not enjoyed watching this video
but just I hope you I hope you guys feel
better knowing that we're all okay
I didn't want to start filming this
experience until I knew everybody was
okay and everybody was fine so that's
why I started filming I made sure it was
cool to everybody to record because I
don't be someone who just pulls their
camera on a dangerous situation like
that so and to close video I just might
want to remember you know stay safe
don't take your days for granted yeah be
safe out there guys so I love my boys I
love my friends for peace out guys
although I don't call them back girl let
me see you hold it down we gonna have a
blast I just want to know what you're
gonna do with all of that ain't got a
cell
