just ask hey Dennis asked me where we
are right now mall no I said ask me I
wanted to say oh where are we right now
so right now we're at the mall right we
came here and I was gonna film you know
a lip phlog we come here I'm about to
start my vlog and I noticed I don't have
my frickin camera I would film with my
phone but my phone is actually about to
die so where are we going Dennis excuse
me we are trying to vlog rude that's
rude
I don't know if anyone taught you
manners got a bed let me see shake it
fast with some freak in it so we're
about to go all the way back home get
the camera and then come all the way
back to the mall hey don't forget we're
continuing the game when we get back
it's 1:0 I'm winning so don't forget it
what do you mean doesn't count as proof
I have proof in my head it's 1:0 Sears
is late they have ping pong paddles and
go they have foosball no I'm not good at
that bro so we got the camera drink
drink
great he doesn't listen Dre stop for one
second let me vlog and then you could
keep singing hey he doesn't listen at
all
just wait wait wait till we go home I
swear you'll see no you'll see I swear
sorry guys is someone in the back sing
along in a bit ok for him to talk when
I'm trying to vlog while he's listening
ok Jake when I'm trying to vlog is just
more professional to keep it down a
little bit I know you like to sing I
know you have a good
now that we're not trying to flog oh hey
Drake yo guys so me and I just keep
hearing Drake like talking to someone in
that bag but we don't know who's here
hey yo Dre hey who are you talking to
okay I swear if you spill the lien in
David's car you're paying for the car
wash
I swear if you spill the lead I ain't
tellin ya you smell your cleaning future
okay hobby that's the way for me that's
fine I could be a hobby for you but I
just thought you know if you spill it
you're cleaning it up hey what you just
said like I didn't know your brain works
like your brain works so good what did
you just say oh when we came in the
first time there was light yeah we left
there was light uh-huh we came back no
light and it's dark it's nighttime dark
Oh like oh I know Dennis I always knew
you're like a smart person I can tell
Jay but I didn't know your brain works
in like mysterious why just don't holy
SH oh it yeah cuz that's actually a good
it's a book should we have told them to
come down I feel bad too on the way in
the car you sure they don't even talk
they just saying the whole time I swear
it's annoying god I know I was trying to
get Drake and future like come down they
don't know how to tell you singing all
day and all this and Drake's trying to
get me in my field I'm not with that
right now so speaking of getting in my
fields such a close parking spot and we
parked all the way back there yo guys so
I posted a snapchat in this jacket and a
lot of people are asking me a way to get
it from
I'm not trying to phony secrets or
anything but let's just say J case got
it for me
if you guys want one of these you gotta
hit up J case I'm sure you guys know his
number just hit him up so I just came to
the bathroom really quick to make sure I
look good
hey Dennis can you check the mirror do I
look good or good I got a nice mirrors
in here you think I forgot huh it's 1-0
ping-pong tables waiting right there
oh they're cleaning up the tables we'll
see what they're cleaning up the tables
there's two workers there oh I know what
you should do walk up to them like this
are you Dennis are you thinking what I'm
thinking
they took the ball we must get to the
end of this wait Dennis what a tease why
would they leave the panel and take the
ball but where is it shut up oh my gosh
we found the ball hey hey one more time
just come on the chair no it's not gonna
rainbow dance
hey what sport is this for bro like I
know ping pong and like foosball and you
know darts I don't know what is this I'm
not sure what this is no I don't like it
suck is that cricket no I don't know
speaker speaker yo guys so Jay case was
supposed to come to the mall Jay you
promised you'd show up bro vlog things
you're coming yet of Logging's yeah but
I'll play Mac Dre for you you get high
feet cool yo Justin come on Kuya we
don't mess with fakes bo hang up this is
Dennis's favorite mattress Oh AJ we
finally find an answer we found an
answer because we know you don't like to
drive right let's just say that uber is
gonna be outside of your house in about
two minutes look up look out for a Lambo
phase drugs might be driving surprising
Jay case will the trip to the mall buy
phase drug in Lambo uber the world's
longest you
to title hey wait J I got one serious
question so this is like your final
chance for me to decide if I'm really
cutting you off as a friend or not so
you already didn't show up to the mall
that's one thing but tomorrow when we go
to the gym are you gonna lift weights or
play basketball no no no no if you do
both I swear I'm not gonna talk to you
anymore because both like lifting
weights I know how that goes
you're not gonna be done I'm gonna call
you over and say yo you tryin to play
you're gonna be like oh I got one more
set I know how that works
volker doesn't want this anymore
debug you don't want this anymore I got
better
hey that wasn't planned I don't know
what it said but all I heard was burning
it and stop playing ping pong and get
the hell out of series because I won
walk normal walk normal Dennis don't
stop bro no Dennis don't be burnt bro
hey officer how you doing
don't be Brendan let's just keep walking
keep walking bro thank God we got away
they didn't smell that on you Paul
future was with us oh my god
smile Dennis yoga so we met three more
loyal supporters right now so Sebastian
used to have his finger print on
Melissa's phone and then Melissa did I
don't know is she got into but she took
his fingerprint off hey nice to meet you
guys thanks for watching the videos -
bye Melissa bye guys
yo guys you know how I was like super
excited about this sweater I was talking
about this jacket earlier in the vlog I
was telling him how nice it was and she
comes up to me and she says oh do you
want to be in our ugly Christmas sweater
picture I said lay not ugly I like it
hey speaking of ugly it's your name okay
guys so me and Dennis we're chilling out
talking right now I don't know what
Dennis mess with all I say or whatever
but we just turn that target and we got
a little bored so we decided to send out
a tweet to you guys saying what kind of
dares you'd like for us to do like
random dares public there's in target
and we got a bunch of replies I'm
nervous I'm not gonna I'm nervous I'm
scared we don't know what reaction oh
yeah yeah guys oh my goodness I pulled
up Instagram and look my mom looks so
good
mom you look pretty yes wait look who
decided to show up you made life so hard
for us and you finally showed up
thank you both two boys with it are you
gonna help us do these dear hold the
camera
oh you hold the camera okay guys so we
got the first deer and I don't know if
Ali's up for this but if he is let me
just say you're crazy but holding
people's hands in public so you just
want me to go to like a random
using a girl I didn't mention girl but
if you want to do girls do it you ready
no problem I got it
BBQ chicken BBQ I see one right there
she looks like she looks bad she bent
okay guys so we're about to do a
practice I'm gonna be just a casual
shopper it
thank you so much you do pick a small
dream scenario that's why he wanted to
go like but most likely it's gonna go
like this
only you crazy vote I'm recording and
I'm shaking Ali good luck good luck bye
team
halite work bro I told you Agassi and he
got a girl's snapchat well it's that
easy
hey man they trying now I'm tryna Molly
I guess when you're this handsome it's
that easy I gather the best tell me is
it
Mohawk we interrupt me doing a dare
because all the in Jordan wanted to take
a picture right here ah the other crazy
boat so I know guys who spend days and
weeks and even years trying to chop down
girls and you trying to talk to them
this guy comes old someone's Eddie gets
a knife down are we a man I had to do it
yes tell me do it tell em how it is
always a hotline bling okay guys so my
dear right now I'm about to get a bunch
of random stuff and put it in a random
person shopping cart instead of telling
you what I'm gonna put into the cart
just a follow me okay so I got my items
that I'm putting in somebody's shopping
cart a basketball and an oversized
basketball let's do it we just got to
find someone I'm just trying to do my
dare guys oh why are these people my
friends
why okay guys so I realized this past
March it feels good I don't want to give
it away so I think should I give it to
someone's car or no yeah just put like
these I said grab something else no
those are cheap 1999 okay okay uncle
position
I'm about to make my move I'm nervous
what are you gonna do
oh I thought this is my shopping cart a
red she knew I told her I told her
you're gonna do that she was down thank
you again
so back thank you so much thank you so
I'm getting ready to go to random prison
and I guess this guy went up to her and
told her to get mad on purpose
Dennett I was already nervous why would
you do that when she got super mad in my
head I'm like wait what did I do that
was so bad I just put some me in the car
it was like what are you doing but now
she's actually really nice we thought
that she's really cool so Dennis you
forced her to be mad you turned good
people into that piece well I turned you
bet ever since you came paid you guys
think I turned you guys bad we thought
we were done with the dares and Ollie's
walking around here he keeps talking
about bro I want to hold more people's
hands I want to keep holding hands so
because he's two for two
so I guess all he's gonna mold one more
person's hand
okay so all he got out of his holding
hands mood
instead he's just in the mood to sit in
front of somebody really really close
and look them in the eyes let's do it
all these let's do it baby
oh okay we said you were done with the
dears you're the one who said I'm in a
holding hands car you turn red yeah boo
he was on the shelf I'm on one today I
want to I can I get your hand
hide your hands cuz I'll leaves coming
for them someone's car and then I'm
gonna say one thing shout-out to the
Brookville wider squad we have a buildin
I hope you enjoyed today's video I think
props to the crazies guy in this group
Elliott for sure 100%
Dennis you didn't do anything wrong
because I'll lead took it for me man my
mistake yesterday in the outro I said
how you didn't do anything for this
video but I forgot cuz you did you
actually went up to someone that was
supposed to go to and told them to get
mad on purpose so thank you for that I
want to start doing more videos like
this so let me know if you guys enjoyed
this video we got these dares from you
guys so I hope you guys really did like
it I hope it was funny drop a like on
this video if you enjoyed subscribe to
the channel if you are new term post
notifications on for brand new videos
every single date other than that guys
I'm Brandon aka Broadus and I'm out by
JK JK sees brother what Jay cases friend
JK to the other friend enough bro enough
no more holding hands
