god I'm so happy we get a call from
Brian of all people Brian calls me and
he asks if I want to go play basketball
first of all let me just say like
obviously that's my brother you know
over six million subs he's done a lot of
things to make me proud of my life and
I'm really really proud of him but I
don't know if there's ever been a moment
that I've been more proud of Brian then
for him to call me and ask me to play
basketball so you know I couldn't turn
that down so we're leaving them all
right now and we're all about to go play
some basketball
bye mall bye me and Dennis were in the
middle of filming a video and what we
were about the film was actually gonna
be one of the craziest videos I've ever
done on my channel we tweeted to you
guys asking you to give us dares for us
to do in public at Target but don't
worry we didn't forget about the deers
we are going to do that for tomorrow's
video so you know me I cannot turn down
basketball so for today's video I hope
you keep enjoying this 1v1 first phase
drug and tomorrow's video don't forget
to check it out public dares inside of
Target
I think our uber is Facebook I was
promised to Lambeau on the app but he
showed up in a Brian texted me a price
talking a little bit of trash he takes
me saying I feel like I'm gonna be you
today and I said we'll see who knows
right let me get my basketball I got
shotgun I'm sitting next to rug rat bro
that's my brother hey Dennis
I like how you respect you know how I
said I'm gonna say shotgun because
Brian's my brother why don't you get in
the front
cuz Dennis doesn't respect me sit with
Jay hey Dennis but I think that's good
you separated me and Brian cuz now that
we're about to play 1v1 there's a little
bit of bad blood yeah I'm surprised in
the same car right now you know how
these things go gonna be like intense
intense oh so I could put insane intense
extremely crazy in the title no I'm a
request Brian played views view
just shuffle all of yous I missed that
album because Justin has a say yeah I
just had a little bit I think it's good
but we're gonna play basketball that's
gonna make it oh it's gonna make us like
sad thing about girls oh don't believe
take care
don't play take care Wei Brian so I feel
a massage going on back here I feel like
you're gonna maybe that extra feature
that it comes with is it it's called
that riot no but I feel like Brian's
giving you a massage so like tire my
body I'll make me drowsy before the game
row turn the massage off this cheating
I don't want to see me on the court you
don't want to see me in these streets up
in here bro look at you
ric flair did it I'm just waiting for J
to dribble up on the floor so I can yell
at him hey what yo rug I know like we're
enemies right now and I was like talking
 to you but I'm super thirsty do you
think I could get someone
Dane's well my Brides such a good soul
bro nice haircut and everything yeah I
do it's a nice haircut
yo guys so me and Brian were Oh on
camera turn over it wasn't so me and
Brian were about to hit this 1v1 and
then we show up yeah we got away for
after because we're about to play some
games right now
Oh
you
it's almost 11 o'clock there's still
people playing six and a half hours
later yeah we can't say no that's why if
we just said no we're about to do a 1v1
well no we can't turn down bass right we
got here at 9:00 we were supposed to do
the 1v1 now it's almost 11 o'clock and
we're still playing but we told them
just wait we're going to film
you guys ever get off the court short
game one to two it's almost right now
just for fun
Oh
$1,000 but Ryan had to count off that he
didn't want to tell me until right now
so I live in here remember that no hold
on hold on Brandon no you didn't wait
wait what remember that Gucci jacket
that you have to give and you really
like I feel I love it too what you want
to put it up yet
but apart when I got you choose one yeah
is it used
like when I first got behind that Gucci
sweater I wanted it for myself so bad
but I'm like oh let me get it to Brian
ah some gifts now's my chance
at 4-4
jk hey you know that baby that I've come
for it okay so if I smell one more point
I win I'm a man of my word oh the kid
okay
hey Brian I fell for the pump fake
No
what Oh Brandon hey now he's doing I
became LeBron I wasn't even that man
shut up I don't even care about the
money I'll give you five thousand I
don't y'all take fun I'm not even mad
about the money I'm mad that Brian BB is
my little brother my god I think that is
more man that I lost the me trying to
knock over the Christian plays every day
it was six to six we're playing up to
seven so next boy window I don't know
why I took that stupid three apples
oh no I should've just went for one but
anyway can I come yeah Brian's down
you're not down I can't walk backwards
look like Jay down yeah what pole fatal
four or no fatal 4-way what's it called
yeah yeah guys Brian be me and I got
pretty mad at the end of the game but I
swear to you people are gonna think it's
about the money no I don't care
Brian like I said I'll give you five
thousand take the five thousand yeah
take it go I'll give you my card out in
the car it's about my little brother BB
that's not supposed to happen but yeah
guys fun short little game I'm just glad
we got to play basketball together Brian
you know I left them all in the mid like
we were shopping and I came straight
here to come play yeah okay guys so
officially close out this video Brian
good game did you deserve it okay you
trying to give me copyright after taking
$5,000 okay anyways guys thank you so
much for watching this video I hope you
guys enjoyed I haven't done a 1v1 Furs
Brian in so long and I think I have lost
everyone on camera I think you got
better at basketball too that way yeah
when we were playing the pho we didn't
get off the court till yeah I think we
won almost everything almost three hours
we stayed on the court so drop a like on
this video if you guys enjoyed I know
you guys were probably rooting for Brian
to be me anyways so drop a like for
Brian beating me just remember I wasn't
even that man but a channel if you're
new to impose notifications on for live
videos every single day other than that
guys Brandon rug I'm out and I love you
guys all the Brian one more thing you
forgot to tell them to go by the merch
oh yeah go by the merch is it limited
edition it's limited edition only
available for two more weeks and the
link is in the description down below go
cop that right now go copy you
heard the winner the winner yeah you're
not mad you're definitely not mad
I can never ever find the right word
just even there's no way this is real
life there's no telling you're the right
girl so I can only say that it feels
right
