eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs spent spent for
Sunday night on eggs Oh jumbo eggs 249
on sale but those ones might actually
crack because they're on sale eat like
the only white important review let's
see
should we get caged for you know I want
the chickens that were caged because
they're more trained the cage free ones
would pop out and bite my legs the ones
that were caged were trained not to do
anything
thanks for putting the car in easy
position from salt and Oprah home
No
20 more
I'm making a huge breakfast
I'm just making like a huge moment
if they trust me
I really think my family would trust me
cooking breakfast they would rather eat
breakfast cooked by Bosley funny do you
really need a car no you can carry those
I love out of everything the tide is
just sitting here guys I ran out of
tight at home then it made me lose count
mom we're done you want more uh-huh all
I know is that there's 500 eggs in this
car move should I say I'm trying an
experiment to see Scioscia I'm doing an
experience see if I leave the eggs out
in the Sun long enough to turn into
chicken so for those who don't know you
only got to put one of the eggs on here
this is we used to wait so it goes to go
Bank can't do that I'm not egg all the
eggs first of all we gotta save the
earth so I'm not using man ooh I
actually worked in the store I was on
the other side I used to be a bagger and
I used to push the cart all night good
memories so people like Dennis thought
we have to put all 30 eggs on days and
they stand each and every 1:30 I've
never been trusted that fast if I could
count
everyone's staring at you they act like
it's not normal for someone about 500 a
every night what I used to work here
I'll be pushing cars yeah actually a
good worker go oh god you know what I'll
do if my ex boss is watching this just
fast-forward this part but I used to go
all the way like in the back shopping
centre while I was out getting cards and
I would like to sit down for a couple
minutes and hope that nobody saw me I
was going my phone but nobody caught me
selling some food
imagine get a letter from them now I got
cutting your hours we want to take back
the pay that we gave you last year or
two years ago okay you're gonna break
I'm the egg plug the egg dealer if
anybody needs a plug on eggs just hit me
up you already know my number hey Dennis
forget drug-dealing would I be a good
egg dealer ten bucks a G we're good see
if I still got the touch
my boss is coming my biggest pet peeve
was look Dennis here's a perfect example
when the car thing is right here and
people leave their cards right over here
that was my biggest pet peeve when I
used to work here so let me make the job
easier on them hey well I make it into
there Dennis why not
three two and the game winner and I was
at three - I mean no ball I'm telling
you if you do need to find a better
offer on the streets and going off the
streets but I'm just saying you can't
find eggs like mine it's ten dollars a
gram that's it I'm not giving you any
cheaper I'm not giving to you anymore if
you want it you want it yeah it's
dangerous it's good shit trust me just
meet me down at the end of the parking
lot bring your cash and don't let
anybody see you I mean you could trust
these other fools that you'd be talking
to but all I know that they're not gonna
give you the eggs like I'll give it to
you all right well good doing business
with you see in a little bit don't let
anybody see you don't talk don't tell
anybody either
word on the street I got the best eggs
away two three four five six seven eight
you ready to egg this place you want to
edge that room you want to egg the
basketball hoop by Devin Booker shot on
you want to egg the driveway that me and
my brother used to park on you want to
egg the tree that me and my brother used
to pee on oh this tree that me and my
brother used to have contests like the
rule was you got to stand behind this
line like a free-throw and you got a P
as high as you could and then we
wouldn't mark it and then Brian would go
after me mmm I think we're a little too
old but we could do the eggs we decided
to do this experiment at our old house
for a couple reasons for one I can't do
it at my new place because there's not
enough room to if we did it at the
mansion house my mom would probably go
crazy on me and three just because I
missed this house and I haven't been
here in so so long so I wanted to come
see it and just you know good vibes good
memories every time I come back to this
house there's a hoop that I lost to
Devin Booker in basketball first time I
played him and there's a big soup on the
foot man it's not a fruit by the foot
nose Oh Mike very tie-dye
okay guys so the tarp is full with egg
and we got some extra car and so if you
would like me to do an egg giveaway just
please drop a comment I'm just joking
should we take this to the apartment
yeah my always use them on your house
bro yeah what if the neighbors call the
cops no it will just play catch no I
think we have breakfast for like the
next month set up all the eggs well
there was 500 eggs but we didn't get to
fit all of them so I'm not sure how much
I am going to attempt to walk across 500
raw eggs with no shoes no sandals and
see if they will break or if they stay
intact so at first glance everyone's
gonna be like obviously they're gonna
break you're putting all your weight on
raw eggs they're done but me and Dennis
looked it up last night and supposedly
if you walk across them the right way
then they're not supposed to break so
I'm gonna see if I could do it whoa
what's gonna happen if they do break my
foot kind of Brady go wood I'm just
gonna break with it will cook your foot
hey should I go socks or no socks socks
why you don't like my hairy toes huh you
know that it'll hurt I'm still connected
to the Wi-Fi here no way Brandon come on
I wanted to post a snapchat using your
old wife way yeah whatever I'll just use
LTE wait thumbnail first oh my god you
scared me so ugly
he's run across I got you
wait there's no way they're not gonna
break if I put my weight on it they're
break believe pose just for one from
here what if it breaks this is just for
our thumbnail but I feel like they're
gonna break when I step on them so
folded there's no way it's not gonna
break I put half my weight and I already
hear them cracking the science
experiment said it wouldn't crack okay
see they don't all crash okay you're
right but I want to see if I could hug
them without any of them cracking okay
guys and you can use we'll put it you
got an only cuddle walk that was a
science experiment you gotta know how to
not do it so for the thumbnail a couple
of them already broke but let's try to
attempt the rest without it breaking I
hear it I hear it I hear it go put your
whole foot when you walk God okay
brother
okay okay you know what no more cracking
the rest of this walk
hurry up we're gonna see how many you
don't crack like how many cartons why
did it see they won't break which
website did we look up I'm suing them a
hundred percent the lady walked across
all of them she was a human okay here
let's do this Oh
what's that a full chlorine pool
chlorine shut up I forgot there was one
that didn't break let's see if there's
another one all two three four five six
seven eight ends in my bank account you
okay hold on so what did we do wrong I
think it's the placing of them okay let
me try it on though on those two no
you're gonna break up am i why did you
wanna have breakfast later yeah I want
the broken ones I think it's the way the
eggs are placed I just don't get it
someone in the video walked across it
exactly how I did in the dam break okay
I'm article hopscotch right mm-hmm
Oh can you try hop scotch
whoo you all walk across a notch I have
scotch fine well why not try hopscotch
because that should hurt that hurts
yeah but you gotta do it for the video
I'm gonna break these a hundred percent
no you're not no shoes don't sell
yourself short
okay you said you want to save some for
breakfast go Dennis you literally turn
them into soup
I told you okay so I did good then
compared to Dennis I did good oh that's
disgusting viewer discretion is advised
hold on save some save some have an idea
you know what we do like with popcorn
and candy where you go like this
throw them there and you catch it can
you try one with the egg in your mouth
wait Dennis compared to what you did I
swear I think I passed the experiment
hey what are you doing what I do
go just one time one time do the mouth
thing I don't think so yeah this is a
new experiment okay okay okay fine then
it's way way I get to throw and I get to
throw I'm not gonna hurt you okay okay
go more are you sure damn Dennis the
real one go okay oh let's do two at a
time two labels oh my gosh 500 huevos
experiment
oh boy it smells like Dennis oh nice
straight away without the garage opening
to go in and wash our hands or feet oh
my gosh we're so done okay here okay
fine
hey if you think about it if we do
collect all the yolk put it in like a
water bottle sunny and then go home we
couldn't make scrambled eggs we could
sunny-side up you know hi welcome to
Denny's how can I take your order
can I please get eggs over-easy oh look
at this one it's already yeah it's
already cooking okay guys so dad is good
someone has broad range so that is going
to close out today's video I really do
hope you guys enjoyed I've been trying
to do more entertaining videos instead
of just playing vlogs and I think this
was in a king entertaining a nasty and
gross and it was very egg my god I don't
know if you could be using those songs
anymore ball really let me know if you
like these type of videos I've been
thinking about doing more experimental
videos and hey first of all me and
Dennis watch the video there was a bunch
of raw eggs
the lady walks straight across nothing
happened it's like she was walking on
paper
hey bow after seeing what happened with
you I think I passed I'm counting mine
as a pass you made fucking scrambled
eggs just feed the whole San Diego
County could you loosen them up yeah
yeah I'll loosen them up anyways guys
thank you so much for watching the video
drop a like if you did enjoy let me know
if you want to see more videos like this
subscribe to this channel if you are new
turned post notifications on for brand
new videos almost every single day and
click the link in the description down
below if you want to get your brand new
products merch don't forget I love you
guys all Brandon here aka bruh waters
Dennis here aka Dennis you're a killer
the killer and we're out peace
you didn't kiss them oh it's not
cheating all Poosh do we gotta clean up
I mean technically it's not our house
and you wanna like evaporate deal look
at that brings more way if we leave it
it'll just cook them technically we're
making foods this would be wasting food
if we clean up what happened to your
socks
that's disgusting
so guys right now me and Dennis are
about to go get cleaned up we're each
going to shower and then we're gonna go
back to the house to see if the
breakfast is ready
never had a doubt felt like this is just
the bus me in perspective from the
deepest in the car everybody tune in my
this is just what I was now
