would I be a good day uh-huh yeah you
got to take care of the what is it
called
thing really if this was my baby I'd be
like this you want to go to the gym play
some basketball would you baby and then
Denis later on tonight I got something
really important to tell you both mm-hmm
mom out no don't worry about it for now
tell me now what's the difference now
and later no I think I'll tell you later
so Dennis what I found out in the past
like 20-30 minutes
you're very impatient yes because I hate
you bring up stuff like them they don't
say it
I told me listen if I had a dollar for
every time
Dennis asked me what I was gonna tell
him okay what is it about it's about you
just joking it's not really about you
both
oh no why do I say that now he's gonna
ask me even more Dennis no it's not
really about you yo guys so if you can't
tell by the title don't know this video
what we're gonna prank Dennis with today
is we are going to tell Dennis that I
have a new girlfriend so right now I'm
on my way to go pick up my good friend
Emily and me and Emily are just
straight-up gonna tell Dennis we're
boyfriend and girlfriend we're dating in
we're gonna see how Dennis reacts that's
my best friend so
uh-oh Emily's coming watch let's see if
she's nervous on camera I want to see
how nervous you are on camera guys
Emily's never been in a YouTube video or
anything okay but where do the cameras
come from that's what I'm asking they
come from the sky no there's a drone
that follows me everywhere I Drive in
this guy underneath oh I'd say the doors
okay are you ready to pray in tennis so
we're about to put Emily to the test
right now
and you have to hold the camera you're
gonna be the vlogger what I can't Randy
okay go over there mom yeah I just leave
what's up guys it's uh I don't have like
a youtuber anything but it's Emily what
do you do okay I say what's going on
guys Brandon you're a Katie Wallace and
today I'm bringing you a brand new video
okay what's up guys know what's going on
you guys what's going on guys Brandon
here ate everything today I'm bringing
you a brand new video
okay what's up guys Brandon here aka
paratus and today I am bringing you a
brand new I'm bringing you a new video a
brand new brand new video you know why I
say brand instead of just new exactly
what's my name Brandon
yo so fit this all for you to do an
intro how you gonna do a whole pray
don't trust you anymore
okay guys one big announcement I wanted
to make is that bruh wat its merge for
once apparel is actually back I think my
favorite one is the white sweatshirt
with a little flaming back the only
thing is I don't want to lie to you guys
or trick you guys it's not gonna be here
by Christmas so if you're trying to buy
this for somebody it's not gonna arrive
until the first or second week of
January I think we now know what we're
gonna tell Dennis we were practicing a
little bit way Emily I don't think it's
fair that I break the news to him
okay Rock Paper Scissors to see who I
see Rock Paper Scissors shoot
or Rock Paper Scissors yeah the second
one Rock Paper Scissors and they showed
you that ready okay say oh nice - okay
no you Sara your new shoes god I don't
trust it to do this prank I swear this
man is gonna go back so Raghu the shoe
okay okay yeah okay I won so there's the
last one whoever loses this has to be
the one to tell Dennis that we're
together I have to stretch this is
nerve-racking is everything okay I want
oh my goodness I want Emily's gonna have
to be the one to break the news to
Dennis okay guys I was about to go get
Dennis so and we could break the news to
him but she said that she changed the
game she said the new game is whoever
has the bigger foot has to tell Dennis
that work together so hopefully and we
have a bigger foot than me
yours is bigger No okay guys I'm gonna
be the one breaking the news to Dennis
and I'm about to call min right now so I
think we're ready
oh and I'm not even gonna hide the
camera I'm just gonna put it right here
and I'm gonna straight-up tell Dennis
that we're getting his reaction on
camera that's easier than trying to find
a new place to hide the camera I think
your feet are too big for my slippers
you know okay girls if you tell them
it's a good thing they're losing weight
they take it as a bad thing if you tell
them they're gaining weight they take it
as a bad thing so I don't know what I'm
supposed to say okay let's not talk
about this right now we're talking about
this I just call him and I'm looking
nervous I'm not gonna lie imagine you
you've never been on camera if I'm
nervous
Oh Dennis
boil your weights weights and the
cameras on by the way cuz we're gonna
film your reaction what do you know it
just me like Mary Dan is so like I told
you I'd tell you something later yeah
you're probably gonna be shocked I'm not
hearing anything about it so you
straight up okay so today me and Emily
were hanging now and like obviously I
just felt like doing something and I
felt like it was the right time and so I
asked Emily to be my girlfriend and she
said yes so why do you say like that you
know support no there's nothing wrong
with it always like we wanted to show
you at the same time that we showed the
fan we haven't told anybody you're the
first person that needs to know hey see
Mina oh why do you think you're like
that oh there's nothing
nothing in and rude whales like on your
shop I mean you know like obviously it's
a little shocking but like if the time
is right why would you Wayne you know if
you know you're right for each other
then there's like no point to wait you
know what I mean
it's true how do you feel I mean you're
been his best friend so I mean if he
feels good
I'm you feel like right I mean he knows
it if he knows that you're the right one
whoever he likes I like where we just
like I don't I mean the only the only
reason we kind of want to tell you also
because you know you spend a lot of time
with me mm-hmm
I mean you're probably not gonna be I'm
just saying like this little spending
the night every night probably not gonna
do once a week community
wait so in the beginning I like happy
about it knowledge you guys are saying
all this no no I'm the real date it's
not the real I just wanted to let you
know because obviously you're my best
friend I care what you think about me
and like I don't want to be with someone
that you don't like so do you like Emily
do you approve of her to be my
girlfriend yeah you do yeah don't think
I took a more like the wrong and yeah
yeah of course in show you know I'm
probably gonna be like his new camera
man you know what I'm saying he's
probably I think you can we can do like
half a half no it's all you I mean
you're not going to be replaced fully
yeah you're not gonna be replaced Dennis
it's just like I'm gonna be seeing you a
little bit less but at the same time
just like we're hanging out together now
that's how it's gonna be most of time
I'll be with Emily and you'll also be
people but you don't look too happy
yeah
like me do you Dennis no I do I'm like
happy I mean do you want me to find it's
really you guys are messing with me no
we're not messing my said we wanted to
tell you know why'd you recording me
told me because all the fans yeah I want
to tell the fans and you
so guys wait wait so when you to like
when you when she came and you were
studying when you came like you said
yeah medicine were you guys like date
like together no at the time we were
really just studied like what were you
studying for no I was just helping her
study like as a friend but eventually
like after the study sesh I kind of was
like damn like she's very smart and like
intelligent so I wanted to make her
something more than a friend I'm glad
she felt the same way you know what look
no no like I've seen her like a couple
time you're cool so like I'm happy you
got someone that's like cool you know
yeah nice but definitely I'm kind of
calling your bluff right now I feel like
you're not very happy for me and what I
always say like I put my friends first
and we like obviously I know I just
asked you out today
yeah so like I know this didn't last too
long if you don't make your do like I'm
to feel their if you don't like no I
like it's a joke she's not really my new
girlfriend it's a prank I'm pranking you
they already know that she wasn't my new
girlfriend we were messing around we
planned it before and we wanted to get
you know they knew they knew that she
wasn't really my girlfriend we were
blogging and everything before and we
were like doing rock paper scissors to
see who had to prank you come on Dennis
no I know
you were so heavy clearly doesn't like
me I was happy you're Dennis you're a
wire broke this was exactly Dennis I
mean if you I know yeah you're supposed
to get up and start dancing started
cheering be like yo when's the wedding
bro Danis so now I'm single bro don't
worry no one's replacing you it's all
good
you'll be fine you shouldn't you
shouldn't want to be that camera person
okay so you so you saw have to record my
basketball games okay guys so I hope you
enjoyed this video you know Dennis was
like uncomfortable buddy
but he was like holding it in with me
and we wanted to make it as
uncomfortable as we could I was happy
like I wasn't like all your fake family
for every home I know knew he's been
plagued with five years
let's take my freshman years looks like
one two three four okay so much for
helping me do this video shout out the
tennis for I don't know getting pranked
I hope you guys enjoyed it drop a like
if you subscribe post notifications on
for big new videos every single day
Vienna comment and do it coming to click
the Bell click the bell and robotics
merge for once the parallel is actually
back if you click the link in the
description down below it'll lead you
straight to the website the first design
that I ever came out with it was limited
edition and there were only some people
who were able to get it but we actually
brought it back so click the link in the
description down below it's gonna arrive
first or a second week of January ok
guys oh you heard Emily drop a like on
this video if you enjoyed subscribe to
this channel if you are new term pull
certification off and new videos every
single day and I really do hope you guys
enjoyed Emily forgot to do this
you love them right because you've been
in the business a hug like this I love
you guys all love you a piece I'm just
going never had a doubt felt like this
is just the boss me and perspective I'm
the deepest in the card everybody tune
in one this is just my eyes now
