I swear my luck what's going on guys you
see damage here I knows little switching
that stopwatch is gonna be here but no
I'm taking over right now yesterday I
was just watching a bunch of her dad's
videos and I came across um
he's a mocking face base but in my head
was like oh one of these days you know I
should do that to Brandon he's like
coughing sick and like there's a bunch
of stuff on his tires were like my stuff
yeah so
I'm scared scary like the number one
things like we never talk to him songs
Givens but like he doesn't like to oh my
god so I'm gonna set up the camera I'm
just going to do what I can to get him
mad
I have to put a be hanging TV I'm gonna
have to hide the remote because there's
no way Brandon watch this ones game
volume what's the score
Rose row they've been so bad the whole
season but no idea they're down by 31 my
name
raise everything why is the volume of
poor going down huh brother down by 36 I
know well you know hey can you check if
you're sitting on the remote please
there's something interesting - here's
the sons but even watch even game for
you this isn't even the worst loss of
the season if I if I watch some other
games I can watch this assign this up oh
you're a Bulls fan
Dennis why the Bulldog the claim where
is this see the Sun to beat the Bulls
two times in one week disgusting
you're wasting your time fucking knock
away like this in the game you realize
this you know okay so what else would I
be doing right now sort of watch the
game just like if it makes em maybe
they're good because they saw he
realized his future and all guess who's
next book them hey I see looks more like
fuchsia fucking toddler look what Oh
who's next
Oh Booker bye Booker's not leaving he
said he wants to win I know what room -
but hold on do you understand how rookie
contracts work he still has been a year
and a half left on is he laughter thank
signing a five-year max attention so
maybe for saying he's gonna leave in six
and a half years maybe but he's not
leaving any was my college thing you a
rainbow I didn't you
dang it when was the last time the Bulls
won a ring they have Michael Jordan I
don't hate the Bulls on that why you're
meeting on the Suns you watch every Sun
so you're wasting your time I feel bad
like oh ha yeah you're right where's the
remote roll beau who cares you're gonna
hear Oh score done again
Oh boogers leaving Oh letsa left okay
he's leaving everyone's leaving
Booker's not achieving me folks oh oh I
forgot you talked to Booker so you know
that he's leaving right oh I forgot yeah
I asked them yeah you went to yeah I
forgot okay changing they're down by 40
points it's a fourth quarter oh let's
watch a Bulls game
how about that is the Sun isn't there
just throw their image okay okay so if
you were playing on the Sun right now
they're not gonna bubble cable why are
you so supportive team that they lost
one of their best players but so it
doesn't matter Bobby that one Amy he
knows he's not dumb he wants to wait
okay second of all your boy Booker and I
respect a needle but he's not when he's
gonna be gone right at this time right
when he's able to go look what did I do
it doesn't matter you if you want to
leave the sons would have missed out on
purpose the assistant the loss what did
you take what drugs when I went Michelle
19 enjoy than just saying you realize
what are you doing with your life it's a
joke
I left the job no no the sons I mean you
support this son
he's the one son that's where it comes
into the joke yeah yeah uh-huh
hey it worked hard work hard the sons
don't work hard
hey there's 15 practice or no tennis
what the hell's wrong with you tomorrow
morning in the game Dennis you were
begging me to go courtside to the game
last week and when I said I wasn't going
please bro
people just go obvious 14 okay I'm never
taking you to a game whoo a game freakin
might as well just forfeit it I don't
understand put your home you watch every
single something when you've watched
everything this is boggling
huh smells just like him both yikes no
I'm smuggling him he's fully yeah
Zoey today Bebo I don't have to say he
stunk up the house like so he took a
shower too she delivered took a shot
less than two weeks ago did that help
he takes more than you believe our
what's up once on my office is like once
a year everything everything doesn't
work out mozzie showers not working the
stones are not working
Dennis tell me how you wanted that was
so low yeah you're gonna realize today
you were playing like the songs you
sucked at the gym today
Dennis you stop let me do this and every
shot if you said this other day yet but
today I was good because who was passing
the ball you did that couldn't eat your
shadow because I wanted to be a shot
okay so I suck today what were you we
were worth I was painting my threes now
is it all
you the bowl though it look for bookies
in the goal he's gonna score oh you
passes it oh oh
block block block block three baby three
not one and two but three it would be a
lot of good what do you drink
well a guy doesn't realize what you're
going after it I understand okay that
felt like talking the whole time trying
to watch the game because of the game
watching they give it all up and I want
you to come the room no right here okay
sit there but don't got the TV - okay
you're giving them a few were on the
channel just like when people hate on me
but you're not mama evil pulpit well he
smells Lisa you can't say no what did
you like in madly buzzy sometimes he's
really know what else he okay don't let
me don't like Benji more I don't like
men do you like my duality do you want
oh can I do this smell wait this what is
wrong with you bro nothing is just
that's fine you could think about it in
your head cuz I'm watching the game and
even if I wasn't watching the game why
don't go why your time I say nobody's
like I get mad and hungry no I don't get
mad but just like mom Stacy okay
the sunder or yeah you're right
yeah okay buzzing oh okay either the
sons do we need to discuss every detail
he tell her no I don't want to know bro
what is wrong with you for what reason
oh no I'm not I'll just give my opinion
you want to give their opinion it's good
at picking it up yeah like in traffic
jakey
Gary I wanted a to Jim you were because
I was on your team but who's in and read
and you would have never met a German in
fact today how many times with Marvin
touch with Walter how many ties to
anyone else patching the ball $0 I mean
I don't know you tell me whatever it
slipped off your hand that's how many
turnover we're not saying you have no
suing the sons utility Charles okay
that's fine it's fine we're gonna get to
number 1 P okay wait I'm gonna change
the game it's over we got my Oh morning
porn understand sons you're not working
bazi not working you you're supposed to
do not working I'm just saying just
don't touch me no what do you you can
leave I swear to god you can't even yell
I'm not kicking knob you think if you
stay we could talk normal
okay I'm not taking a seat
and you know just beating normal you'd
have to talk normal just beat Omaha or
everyday I don't get what's wrong with
you today
I don't care about the damn pressure
there you go check the house from your
tire pressure 26 husband one more time I
swear to god don't tell I understand
so your tire pressure okay put your tire
pressure your gaze I don't care about
the G market average I feel like shit I
have the worst thing I've had in my
final my Keisha Thomas so first reason
you're probably smelling this that's
disgusting okay okay maybe that is a
smell okay okay she's out Bosley I'll
play that it's not modeling it's the
shooting songs no I'll tell you that the
Sun suck I'm going up to Jamie willingly
talking yeah you're right
I don't care about the gym you look ego
like Fred our it doesn't matter Paul you
don't care get his brother no listen
just don't touch that's it
keep talking just don't touch me I swear
you geeky tops just don't touch okay so
there's a little Stevie's linkage
yeah me too watching this on the game
with you
Booker bye you okay denne
okay what is wrong with you go and you
literally Evernote like this I know but
everything's hit me because now we're
trying to do how you saw America you saw
so losing you have streets of Charlotte
and say when we're okay but I wasn't mad
Matt and I are you being mad and you
look you're celebrating you should be
doing this in celebrating too why if the
Suns win then I'd be the jack I'm gonna
be some of the saw their coach got fired
is that the coach's 15 yeah you're right
I know okay you wanna have fun let's
have fun this is not you talk shit about
the Sun they're talking shit about me
about basketball is having fun and what
world is that any other days fines it's
not today Bo it's a bad day today's a
bad day for your son's head and you have
Bosley and I keep talking you think it's
funny what if something happens that
you're gonna keep laughing then why he
showered he showered more than you
you're one of the last 11 books because
you don't shower no you don't smell
better than boss a father's an old
building to be evacuated yeah you're
right smells you're right the mobility
will be evacuated on the wall just don't
touch me don't kick okay I won't touch
you I'm gonna be your friend I am your
friend you're my best friend
wonderful
I swear my life get it stop stop no I'm
here okay don't touch it I'll put it
back I'll put it back just give me this
no I did it just give me a compliment
over there
Danny's chain can we change the channel
the game's over
is it over it's over what happened
sons win or lose anyway can you just
tell me what is wrong with you hey stop
you little shit
Danny's any other day it's okay just not
today I'm asking you both listen Bo why
this was long ago and having nothing to
do with the sons go
the game's over how close TV unplug it
turn it off the TV is recording
I can't just do this okay I didn't think
you're gonna throw that though what do
you mean you didn't think how much is he
not do that I don't understand what's
the bride you saw a dad's video it was
funny the one remarks face bit Mark's
face Binks what's wrong
he just keeps bothering you I keep
bothering grated bangs look come on the
thing he actually broke the TV oh you
were okay okay I'm sorry
I swear hope if I do it I'll find a way
to fix it
it
why not today was the only time you can
do this okay right now and it's not ever
thought how long is this video like I
thought because guys like this was super
close Hey so Booker's leaving huh no
don't leave California before I swipe on
a van so scare and I said the Booker
thing I thought the absolutely make you
go crazy you know what I was gonna kill
you when you said yeah been to his house
I was gonna say fun I told you to stop
talking and stop touching me I did not
get violent and then you kept going for
how long 20 30 days I'd kill ya I was so
scared I swear I was so scared I
probably cost so much no you gotta put
bodies on the floor I was so scared I
don't even know what happened I was
about to tell you to stop right when you
through when you carry this I was gonna
say stop I swear as they stop right
there then I was like wait I'll move the
chair and leave you through that and
thanks really broken TV yes where he
smashed the TV boat for some reason I
just kept watching it at his videos
yesterday and then like I saw it oh yeah
I really did it intro my eyes and
someone had been doing it I hope you
don't think I'm a bad person like I
don't really know what kind of video
this is if video making was this easy
just annoy someone for 20 minutes
straight I would have 10 uploads every
day I would attend upload it every day
if making a video just seems easy but
when you're actually doing it to uni I
saw your eyes oh you know what I thought
I thought you're gonna hate me when I
touched you when you should stop
touching my hip told you I said oh he's
gonna freaking like swing having a
really bad day and Dennis takes
advantage of the opportunity so didn't
that make your day a little better now
my days a little better except when I
can except you have to fix that hole the
hole I'll keep looking at the school son
beat the Bulls to time class for 20
minutes I'm sure I don't want to go you
guys time Oh
either way guys thank you so much for
watching this video I love you guys all
remember one is and I'm out peace guys I
love you guys so much
I wasn't this when I found out the
camera I said wait that to fix the wall
no I'm sweating because I was so mad I'm
literally sweating for my armpits
anyways I love you guys all and I can't
wait to see if Dennis's intro I love you
guys all drop a like on this video if
you enjoyed turn post applications on if
you on new uploads every single day
subscribe to this channel if you're new
and bye guys
