I woke up this morning ready to go play
some basketball that's where I was
supposed to be going right now but
instead I woke up and my cough thought
I've had for the past couple of days
feels ten times worse and not to mention
the calf or my shin that I went to the
doctors for last week's it still feels
messed up so I don't know I just woke up
and everything just feels like I'm about
to go to the pharmacy store right across
the street and pick up some medicine
because I need to feel better I have a
game later tonight and it's an extremely
important game so hey I'm an idea how
about you follow me there let's go I
feel like in the injury aisle pain
relievers and medicine in my hand I feel
so old right now really just go ahead
ask me where the medicine is ask me
where I put the medicine hmm let me
check for you oh wait it's still inside
of the store because the lady didn't
believe that I was 18 years old so she
wouldn't sell it to me
so I forgot my ID at home it's not
wouldn't be right now she's like oh how
old are you I said 22 she said do you
have ID I was like do you think I could
like just buy I swear I'm 22 my birthday
is June 23 1995 she's like no I need to
see ID to believe you're 18 years old
and I said oh my gosh so I just came
here for no reason guys I can't be mad
though at the end of the day - my fault
I should have brought my ID I just can't
believe that I didn't look 18 years old
to her that hurts
this beer doesn't mean anything I've
been growing this for so long and it
doesn't mean anything guys listen man I
get this dude a house and where does he
sleep every night hey baby I'm gonna go
play some basketball deep sounds good
oh nice guess what I just found my ID oh
look who's awake
saw that CVS earlier and after CBS I was
about to leave to the gym to go play
some basketball
we mean looted you know I forgot like
you existed and then I was about to
leave on my holy dennis is here so
we came back walking this up and now I'm
gonna go
you're going by yourself now I was gonna
leave with an hour I heard you snoring
all the way from CBS so I came back you
know when you eat something too fast
that's it lay down what I'm okay I'm
good I'm good I'm good
well leaving this bread and I ate it too
fast and you know what you just can't
breathe anymore I don't know if that's
normal but that happened to me and it
happens a lot
hey I'm not gonna lie though like while
she was asking for my ID when I found
out I didn't have it I kind of gave her
something like this I was like oh are
you sure that I need my ID ma'am no no
flirting I was trying to make her feel
bad for me just so we need ID I said
okay okay oh my God look who we see come
here baby
squad one were you supposed to come
today no I at class but I woke up today
and realize how short life was and I
want to be with my good friends hey life
more blessings more basketball my
teammates are winning games you award
them Dennis what color do you want
mmm purple that's for all leave Oh
yellow that's all you want red good
choice I was hoping you didn't put kick
grape or yellow but good thing you chose
right way - would you if you throwing a
first-round pick you could switch it I'm
sure they're about the stars go
Oh spend one dollar on Gatorade got Ally
again
I'll leave sorry we had to do it to you
both at least you're handsome don't
worry it's all good
there's more to life than basketball
what did I really just say that and how
many in a row six six just like Jordan
six in a row not one not two not three I
think you need another Gatorade you
deserve another one hopefully there's a
sign for my game later tonight what are
you doing here I thought you at school
ball is live tip from Ollie Ollie got
everyone missing class a zip didn't you
have school - oh you skipper - 6k 96
that's why you don't look good enough
you look good listen boat class is not
worth it it's stressful life is short
it's not worth the stress hey we got
viewers in here in school bro sorry
everyone stay in school guys get your
degrees you know do your thing this
guy's three weeks away from graduating
college and this is his mindset well
let's just live life honestly life is
about the memories you make so you don't
need a studying mindset to graduate
college just look at all these Eddie has
good grades work smart not hard hey Jay
you got to go to school
Eddie I think you need to study how to
play basketball go it's so hard to pick
where you want to eat when you got a
vegetarian to mix
okay so I got to make an executive
decision right now I wasn't gonna pick
you anyways let's go all we ever won the
car together in a long time eight people
miss you Thank You man and shout to
everyone who misses me I've been really
busy with school hey Dennis we'll see
you in like eight minutes they were
fighting over who wants to drive me to
go get food sub Harry Potter riding
without lead you don't hear no drag
nothing like that straight half cat
music let's see it I like it let's hear
the chorus broke Jordan actually went to
class you're like sure they don't worry
unfortunately that's what it is
oh wait hold on your lecture word glow
is about happiness and school's not
making you happy so haze stop guys stay
in school in school I'm at school just
wasps squad what is good love you this
is my brother he looks just like me how
you doing guys I'm so ready right now we
have two games left in my basketball
season and we have to win both of these
games to make the playoffs you know one
more loss and our seasons over it's done
we can't play anymore but I'm not in a
lot of team were playing today is
actually really really good we actually
lost to them a couple weeks ago oh yeah
mom when you watch this I'm so sorry
because my pump knows that you know I
had this cough and this really bad
headache and she also knows about my leg
so my mom kind of thought that I wasn't
gonna play today
but mom I love you and I just can't miss
the game Oh mom I have to go play I need
to play Hey it's basketball injuries
happen people get sick all the time
there's no excuses okay I don't I don't
care if I have a cough or a headache or
my leg is hurt I don't care guys I'm
playing in today's game so if we lose
today our season's over
don't be so disappointed I'll feel like
I left my whole entire team down and I
would put the whole loss on my show
I'm gonna do my best try my best I don't
care how her or how sick I am it doesn't
matter to me I'm playing my heart out
and I'm just gonna do my best to help my
team win this game let's see if we can
do it guys
right
there you go there you go
how is that a foul
roma roma Roma hit it
oh my god I know we need some announcing
we're making and I was going around him
over Mel jaws the fellow he doesn't take
it
there we go hit that there we go
I literally have no idea how Brandon's
coming right now
oh my god he's sick two days full days
morning and night of playing and he's
playing another supper watts pot how you
doing my name is fazer if you want to
check out my new channel linked in the
description please hit the subscribe
button
my
oh here we go Jay
oh okay here we go
next season Oh get that low get that we
got papa rug in the building by what I
assume into you yeah
yeah 4544 hit it whoo
he wants the crossover today yeah I know
look he's his mother following
him hey you know he's sick
he played morning night morning night
for two days and the love for basketball
from this kid it just warms my heart
just a kid with a dream oh there we go
and what
No
now my one 5354
throwers elbow watch the elbow
all the way all the way
you're not gonna call that
and ward
let's know everybody's free throws I
love you this point is everyone is
anymore
until they win he hates everyone the
sons woods
stop flopping
there you go
and he flapped every single play
hey make sure he doesn't fall there did
of course same person slipped again
if we add a point every time I do flop
or away
don't is all good you can cheat that's
good
lost the game guys no I'm I'm not even
gonna say we lost the game I'm gonna say
I lost the game because I feel like I
could have played way better I feel like
that loss was all on my shoulders I
played like trash and some of my
teammates were coming up to me after the
game and they were like yo am I fall on
my bed and I was like no it's not your
guy's fault this is my fault
you guys play good I played like trash
they'd say I think I had like 18 or 20
points but it's not always about the
points I just wasn't making good plays I
wasn't doing anything I wasn't doing
indeed I mean scoring the ball cool if I
scored 20 points that's nice but it
doesn't matter because we lost you know
I just shocked I could have done better
so it sucks
we lost we're not making the playoffs I
was pretty upset yesterday number one
for the fact that we lost and number two
because they had dude on their team
flopping like the whole game and I'm not
saying that's the reason we lost but it
just makes me mad because that's not
basketball roll I mean you do it one
time that's cool two times whatever but
like to flop three four or five times to
flop the whole entire game and just it
ruins the fun that's all a basketball is
about and again I'm not saying that's
the reason we lost but that was pretty
annoying because you know it's not
normal you see somebody flopping like
eight to 10 times in one game the same
person so you know they're a good team
they beat us two times in the same
season so you can't take anything away
from that
we lost we're not making the playoffs
once again I apologize to my teammates I
feel like I could have played way way
better it sucks right now but um we'll
be ready next season we'll be back so
thank you guys so much for watching this
video I hope you guys really did enjoy
please be sure to drop a like if you did
again I'm sorry not only to my teammates
but to you guys cuz I know you guys like
these basketball videos and I thought
you guys wanted to see us go to the
playoffs subscribe to this channel if
you're new guys let me know what you
guys think I love you guys all peace out
guys well yeah and I was hearing when
Dennis was recording he was like Oh
Brandon's sick and his leg hurts and
whatever guys that it there's no excuses
if I'm on the basketball court that
means I'm healthy enough to play
so I hate when people are like oh but
it's okay that you missed some shots
because you were sick or it's okay that
you want
that fast because your leg hurt no I
don't need that if I'm gonna put my
basketball shorts on put my jersey on
and go on the court then I don't need
any sympathy or excuses from anybody I'm
playing the game so no excuses I just
played bad and we lost the game and now
we're not making the playoffs I'm sorry
to you guys I'm sorry to the fans the
broad squaw the supporters you saw many
people showed up to the game to watch us
play and not just the people that come
to the game all the people that watch
the videos on the internet I know
there's a lot of people who support our
team and want to see us win game and
they spend their time watching and
cheering through the computer I feel
like I let all you guys down before the
season started I made a promise and I
promise you guys that we would make the
playoffs and that didn't happen so I
feel like I owe all you guys an apology
and I'm really sorry
my teammates played good enough to win
me I didn't I did not play good enough
to win this game so I feel like I owe
you guys an apology I'm really really
sorry it's my fault guys it's my fault
hundred percent so please don't look at
my teammates to blame or please don't
look at anybody else it's my fault and I
wanted to make the playoffs not just for
myself but for you guys so I promise you
won't ever seen you play that bad and I
really am sorry that we didn't make the
playoffs this season guys I broke a
promise
