these past few days have been pretty
crazy guys I'm not gonna lie and I'm not
used to all this going on in my life not
just the YouTube and social media world
but even off-camera you know with my
family and with Jackie's family it's
been really crazy these past couple of
days so I wasn't planning on uploading
today I kind of wanted to take just a
break off the whole entire internet I
wasn't planning on seeing my family I
wasn't planning on doing anything I just
wanted to kind of stay to myself today
and just staying in today just by myself
and kind of just just having one day to
myself I guess and I tell myself don't
check your Twitter don't check your
Instagram don't read your comments but
you know this is my life so obviously I
get tempted to look and on whichever
social media I look at it's just it's
just obviously talking about the
break-up you know oh how are you feeling
are you gonna take your car back what do
you got are you guys still friends do
you hate her like all these stuff and so
I just want to make one last video to
kind of address everything first and
foremost I'm gonna get into branding are
you taking your car back from Jackie and
for those who don't know for Jackie's
21st birthday a couple months ago I
bought her her dream car you know I paid
for it
I gave it to her as a gift and now
obviously the news coming with us
breaking up everyone you know it's
telling you Brandon are you taking your
car back you know some people are even
saying Oh Brandon you should take your
car back that's the right thing to do
and my answer to that is no I'm not
taking my car back call me crazy call me
stupid you know whatever you want look I
didn't get Jackie the car because she
was my girlfriend I wasn't like you know
what here's a reward for being my
girlfriend here are the keys that's not
what I did I got her the car because I
love her she did so much for me she was
with me before I started YouTube and she
was by my side throughout this whole
journey helping me day in and day out
and that's why I got her to the car not
because she was Michael so it's not like
a reward
oh here's the car keys here my
girlfriend oh now you're not my
girlfriend anymore give me the car back
no the car was given to her because she
deserved it
the call is given to her because I love
her and now today despite us being
broken up and split up it doesn't change
the fact that I still love her maybe not
as a girlfriend but I still love her as
a person it doesn't change the fact that
she still helped me every single day
it doesn't change the fact that she's
stuck by my side to any problem I had
through any you know situation I was in
jacket was right there by my side so no
I'm not taking the car back so my mom
raised me differently I'm not that type
of person
hey there aren't people like that in the
world I'm not gonna lie I know a lot of
people who would have took this car back
the second they broke up but I'm just
not that type of person so I'm not
taking my car back say whatever you want
about me people are gonna talk
regardless so there's my answer
I wasn't raised that way I'm just not
that type of person well things didn't
go sour it's not like oh you cheated on
me give me my car back
if that was the case all it took my car
back but it's not like that so we're
still friends you know if she needs
something she knows I'm right here for
her and if I need something I know she's
right there for me we're just not dating
anymore like another thing I'm getting
obviously is you know oli oh my god the
real reason they broke up is this and
that the real reason is because Jack and
cheated on Brandon or Brandon cheated on
Jackie
look all I'm gonna say about this is I
could see her explain myself for hours
and hours and hours and hours but I'm
not gonna do that if you guys want to
know the reason we broke up just go to
the video where I explained us breaking
up I have nothing more to say about it I
have nothing less to say about it
what I said in the video is all I needed
to say I mentioned in that video that
there was no specific reason we broke up
everything just kind of built up if
there was a specific reason that we
broke up I would have mentioned it in
that video so if you guys have any
questions or if you guys are wondering
or whatever don't believe it from
outside sources if you want to know what
happened just go to my first video I'm
not gonna say here and re explain
everything because nothing new has
happened or nothing extra has happened
whatever I wanted to say whatever I felt
like needed to be said and whatever
happened in our relationship that caused
us to break up was said in the first
video and it was a civil breakup there
was no fight oh my god get out of my
house I don't want to see you again or I
cheated on her or she cheated on me it
wasn't like that it was a civil breakup
there was a sit-down there was a talk
and it was something that I brought up
and although Jackie did not want to do
it she agreed to it so there's that
that's it guys so please would I know
all these questions of Brendan what
really happy bla bla bla please guys
just watch the first video after you
watch that there is nothing more or
nothing less that needs to be said thank
you very very much
last thing I wanted to get into is in my
video talking about me and Jackie
breaking
I mentioned how I don't want any hate to
be given towards chat I don't want
people to go on her social medias and
you know trash her that's the last thing
I wanted because once again like I just
mentioned this was a civil breakup there
was no fight
there was no cussing there was nothing I
just decided it would be the best thing
to do it so there's no reason I don't
understand I know there's some couples
who you know get into some messy messy
stuff and they end up breaking up and so
one of them gets a bunch of hate that's
understandable but this was not like
that so jackie has been getting so much
hate and I've noticed a lot of the hay
has been coming from my own fans they're
talking like Oh Jackie fu you freaking
blah blah blah and then they're going
yeah brain and we got your bag don't
worry listen if you really got my bag or
if you really love me then you would
listen to me don't leave hate for Jack
she doesn't deserve that hey she really
doesn't I was talking to her the other
day cuz like I said we're still friends
just because we're not dating it's not
like that we're still friends issue with
heartbroken she was telling me that
there were some accounts that she had
known by heart and she remembered they
would support her so much and now
they're trashing her there were some
people saying some like disturbing
things and she's just like I don't know
why you know who she was crying she was
really upset about it because Jackie is
she's not the type of person who would
do something to deserve all this hate so
please I'm asking you one last time God
if you think you're like you hating on
earth helping me or you trash from
Jackie on social media as a good thing I
really don't think I should be doing
that so please stop leaving Jackie hey
she doesn't deserve it I don't know like
I don't want you guys to do that so it's
not really backing me up another
question that I was getting a lot is
just you know Brandon how's your mom
taking this my mom is obviously my mom's
upset my mom wanted Jackie to be the
girl that I married and it kills me too
you know upset my mom because obviously
being a kid and having a mother the last
thing you want to do is go against her
word or the last thing you want to do is
make your mom upset but I told my mom I
said you know just to me and Jackie
aren't together if you and Jackie still
want to hang out if you and Jackie still
wanna you know talk I don't care I'm not
gonna hate you guys for that
and again like I said a lot of people
are gonna be like what the heck like Oh
a few broke up with her then you should
not let it talk to your mom bah blah
blah I'm just not like that I was raised
differently just cuz I am not together
with someone anymore I told Jackie you
could still communicate with my mom I'm
not gonna get mad you guys are friends
you guys have built a relationship and I
know my mom is happy when she sees
Jackie so I'm not gonna cut off my mom's
happiness it's not a messy situation
it's not a trashy relationship where oh
my god they broke up and now they're
involved in things and that is going
crazy it's not like that people are
trying to make it to be like that people
are trying really really hard to make it
messy people are trying really hard to
try to make me and Jackie go against
each other and hate each other they're
trying really hard to make my family
hate Jackie's family but it's not like
that and it's not working so please guys
I hope you just like understand it's
just you know a lot of these messy
YouTube relationships that happens
because they start dating when one is
already big-time when one is already a
youtuber so you know it's just kind of
messy
me and Jackie started dating when I was
pushing cart and bagging groceries at a
grocery store so it's not like oh she
was with you for the fame about what
it's nothing like that we started
talking and dating way before the whole
YouTube thing I was broke I was broke
with me and Jackie started dating and
another reason I really really respect
you I can I think you guys should too
despite us not being together is that
she actually when we decided to break up
she told me she's like okay where do you
want me to leave the keys to your car
you know I understand you're gonna have
to take it back like she was pretty much
Tommy like no you should take it back
you got it from me and I can't take it
from you anymore like we're not dating
and I put it and I just told her like no
it's okay so Jackie someone good of her
heart was like pretty much trying to
give me the car back and I was like no
it's okay she loves you guys she still
does love you guys that's why it just it
breaks her heart and it broke my heart
knowing that how upset it make her that
she was getting hate and to pretty much
answer all your guys's questions no I'm
not taking the car back up my mom can't
raise me like that I'm not gonna do that
I'm not that type of person
I'm not forcing Jackie to cut off
communication with my mom or dad or
anything like that
and a lot of people are like oh they're
not really broken up look Brandon still
Falls Jackie on Instagram I do because
like I said we're still friends
just cuz something breaks up doesn't
mean they gotta be enemies and hate each
other so calling guys one thing really
quick I forgot to add is that any
Twitter account you see from Jackie it's
fake as of now currently Jackie
deactivated her Twitter know any Jackie
Twitter account right now is fake
there's no Jackie Twitter account I told
her all along if you need anything if
you want to talk I'm right here for you
so that's why yesterday when she started
getting a bunch of hey Shakespeare got
so much hate that she deactivated her
Twitter and she was thinking about
deactivating all her social medias but I
told her I said no no it's okay you know
deactivating your Twitter it's okay you
did that that's fine but don't like
disappear off social media just cuz of
some hate so you know we talked and all
that again a lot of questions are
arising about the break-up because
usually when people break up it's
because of a specific reason like
something happens and oh my god that's
why they broke up again if you want to
know all the details about the break-up
it's in my first video and I hope this
answer is a lot more questions that you
guys are wondering because I really
don't want to keep her in this situation
up I just want to move on start a new
chapter in my life like I said before
I'm sure Jackie wants to do the same and
it's just it's kind of hard when you
have all these people trying to turn you
guys against each other so please guys
just understand where we're coming from
I know jack is already going through a
really really tough time I'm going
through a tough time I'm not gonna lie
and I did want to give a quick shout to
everybody who's supporting us through
this I keep mentioning the hey and
bringing attention to the hate but I
also don't forget about all you guys
supporting us there's so many people and
I love you guys for others who are there
for me and they're also there for Jackie
throughout this whole situation and
there's also people and I love this
about you guys also that they were fans
of me and Jackie together and now
they're not picking sides you know
they're not splitting us up they're
putting us for I hope nothing but the
best for Bryn and I hope nothing but the
best for Jack I love you guys for that
and I appreciate all the support that
some of you guys are showing us other
than that guys I'm kind of gonna stay
off of social media today I'm not gonna
read any of the comments on this video
I'm not gonna be checking the views or
anything like that I'm gonna upload this
video hopefully settle the situation a
little bit more hopefully it stops all
the
since I've been getting and I mean I
hope I hope this helps you guys
understand more because like I said in
the last video the last thing I wanted
to do was make you guys upset with me
and Jackie breaking up and it killed it
kills me it breaks my heart seen some
people tweet me saying no please don't
break up with Jackie we love you guys
together you you guys were my happiness
you guys helped me from getting bullied
at school you guys help me with my
sickness in the hospital it kills me
when I see things like that and it makes
me feel like such a bad person but I
just want you guys to understand that
some things need to be done and I don't
know so I hope you guys enjoyed this
video hopefully answers audio got those
questions and please don't forget that I
love you guys all and I hope you guys
enjoy your date
